you know well scarves guns like that who
does Jesse James remember Jesse James
that the chopper chopper dude yeah yeah
that dude makes guns now in Texas that's
all he does he's still making bikes I
think he makes bikes too but it makes a
lot of guns like dope guns like engrave
and hand carve them yeah fancy fancy
guns yeah they do that we were talking
about he's a he's an LA guy but he hand
does them he's a Mexican gentleman
Mexican dude a Mexican man's carves into
the guns yeah it carves any does
beautiful artwork all hand design and
then people pay him to do his design
they don't suggest a like here's what I
want the whole deal is you give him the
gun
and he just does it it's not like I want
this on here he's like no no no you give
me the piece I do the art I give it back
you know what's interesting about Bernie
Sanders what is this is this the guy
yeah this looks like I was gonna say
what's interested about Bernie Sanders
is his real close relationship with
killer Mike killer Mike is a big Pro
Second Amendment man I mean he believes
in guns he believes he should be able to
protect yourself and protect your family
and one in Bernie so against then well I
don't know Bernie so against it because
he talks to killer Mike they don't
scream and yell at each other
killer Mike in good montt we don't need
guns I don't think we need guns in the
post in the Northeast how did he do
yesterday he won Vermont California
Colorado Utah and then is that it and
then Biden Biden still in the lead right
is Biden number one now he's ahead 435
to 381 as of right now that's pretty
good Elizabeth Elizabeth let me tell you
something I worry about both of them
because they're older gentlemen but I
worry about Biden more he looks like
he's like it's almost like his skin is
thin well I think his brain seems to be
skipping do you mean it's almost got
like an old scratch DVD well you got to
realize he's fucking tired dude just
forget about just being old doing the
pace that he's doing he's fucking crazy
he's got to get on that Trump speed
sudafed from Germany my poppers again
he's got the best shit
already ranking on them it's already
hilarious you see what he did Mike for
Mike bloomer he hid under the the podium
he pretend he was Mike bloom tiny Mike
yeah and he's called him sleepy Joe he's
doing stand-up that's really I say it on
stage he ripped he fucking rips did you
see the clip from the other day where
he's like this guy this guy Mexican he
says he's max can you really Mexican
Mexican he's Mexican like I'm Native
American I'm Elizabeth Warren I think he
was ripping and they were losing it he
rips he's funny he's funny his funny
shit and yeah we were talking about this
yesterday Mike he's got a lifetime of
experience at being in front of the
camera he knows how to do it
he's a showman well it's like everything
else like podcasts or stand-up or I
would imagine any kind of public
speaking the more you do it the better
you get at it the more you realize your
mistakes and where you tighten up your
game right the more practice you get and
he gets a lot of practice I mean he's
doing public speaking all the time and
when he gets to do something where
they're all on his side it's probably
fun like those things he did that he
does when they're all on his side so
some good times that's what you ripping
an arena that's basically what it is
he's not playing the club he's playing a
fucking sold-out arena that are like
bring out Rob if he brought other guys
to do ten in front of him you know like
a muppet shit bring jarrod and the table
but once he's out of the White House
he's gonna be more popular than ever
a hundred he's going to be a hero cuz
let me tell you something people forget
this but they they didn't like Ronald
Reagan when he was in office George Bush
well but Reagan is a big one though
because Reagan became like this hero
afterwards but during the whole
iran-contra thing when he was going on
television say he doesn't remember do
you know what Jimmy tingle is a great
stand-up comic from Boston but he had a
joke I remember I was an open mic back
in the 80s when Reagan was brought in
front of whoever was it Congress said he
had talking about selling guns to Iran
when he did it he would say I don't
remember
that's what Reagan was saying and he
might not remember because he really did
have Alzheimer's remember I said Jimmy
tingles mr. president just here's a
little tip if you ever sell guns to
someone who hates us shot it down
[Laughter]
on the refrigerator
yeah he got love let me I have no
recollection of doing so but and could
be my memory I I don't remember well as
you sit here now do you have any
recollection of the proving for John
Poindexter to send these specific
letters to Congress well again it's a
case of memory I I don't recall they
read it or not and my question to you is
would you have approved the sending of
these letters to Congress by John
Poindexter if you knew that they adopted
false information that had been
previously supported that's crazy that's
a problem - there's so much rhetoric
involved I don't even know what that
question was he they pile on all these
things and then you go I don't know I
have no idea what you're saying what are
you asking me right there's so much
legalese right at some point at some
point he does seem trapped in too many
questions it's kind of like I watch that
clip of Betsy DeVos and that Wisconsin
senator going at it about how she
doesn't know the numbers for charter
schools you know I don't know if you've
seen this but she's unaware of the
numbers presented of Cha how many
charter schools fail but he's throwing
so many statistics at her how could you
even keep up I mean she does sound like
a bumbling Dumbo
but that's what you just bury someone
with stats they're gonna go I don't
right how do i where am I I don't even
know which one you want me to address
and I don't have any information in
front of me to fight it so when they do
that sometimes the politicians I'm
always like of course they're gonna
drown
how could he fight out of that yeah
clearly that's like a combat strategy
unless you're Trump and then you just he
diverts he's so good he'll take in all
that stuff and then I go well he's never
been in this kind of a situation where
he had to answer question yet in a court
not yeah that would be interesting if
fuck yeah he I think he'd probably get
in trouble cuz like a lot of his stuff
is like shutting things down and he
could get out of order but my point is
like we both know like even if someone's
good at that right if they do that and
they hit you with a bunch of stats and
fucks you up so hard you can't answer
their original question and you know
you're supposed to be grilling them
mm-hmm we know what you're doing are
you're not communicating in a way that
you
you are actually trying to communicate
with the person you're playing verbal
warfare you're trying you're fighting
you're trying to back them up in their
heels and smother it smother their their
reach and get them in a corner and write
and pound on them that's what you do and
you're overwhelming and when the barrage
of information just like you would
overwhelm someone with a barrage of
punches it's the same thing when you see
their weakness feel it's not the same
thing because you're not supposed to be
doing that you're supposed to be having
an exchange he's supposed to be talking
to each other you know he's supposed to
be you someone get into the bottom of it
but we know that he doesn't want to tell
the truth he doesn't want to go yes I
did so guns to Iran I sell guns and I
sold cocaine in the inner cities of Los
Angeles because I was trying to crack
crack crack I induced crack into the
streets I mean all that stuff really did
happen yeah that's not a conspiracy
theory anymore
no the CIA or whoever was working for
the CIA sold drugs in the inner cities
was brought in through Freeway Ricky
who's the original Rick were real Rick
Ross the real Rick Ross didn't even know
what he was doing while he was doing it
and then after it was over like these
guys didn't figure it out until like
long past right that they were working
with the government like Rick Ross had
no idea no I just thought it was awesome
and selling coke you know he was like
completely protected yeah that's kind do
you watch the pharmacists each one
completely protected but I should say
that he was in bed with the government
right do you watch them the pharmacists
you know what is that that's all about
the the distribution of oxycontin and
specifically like the what it's done to
kind of the East Coast this kind of
started in New Orleans the documentaries
all about it but up there how it got
really bad this pharmacist basically his
son I don't want to give it away but his
son tragically died and he started
investigate like why all this stuff is
kind of happening in New Orleans and it
at the center was this Purdue Pharma
Pharma that made oxycontin the biggest
distributor of oxycontin in the United
States and the whole documentary kind of
shows you how it was just they weren't
orchestrating this thing to try to solve
people's pain all the documents and
emails are just like these are big
hitter areas meaning like sell sell sell
so all these sales reps were going out
pushing you know like they're fucking
like they're trying to sell cars I mean
they were selling them like
and II was crazy I mean the government
was totally totally okay with I mean
after the FDA didn't have anything
against it for a long time they were
like they're solving pain so much money
staggering it's hard for us to even
understand how much money is coming in
from pills just from pills and here's
the thing about prescribing them this is
let's be honest everyone's in pain yeah
it's part of being a person yeah if
you're and especially if you're an older
person that's maybe got a difficult job
like you have to carry things and move
things around that are heavy you're in
fucking pain oh you got back problems
everybody has back problems so you go to
these people with back problems and like
soul poison once you get hooked on soul
poison well then what happens is these
these doctors this woman Jacqueline
Claggett that's who the documentary
focuses on she's running a pill mill
right so like she's writing 7080
prescriptions a day and you get all
these doctors on there that are like
that's impossible you see 70 people is
not you couldn't do it even if you were
flagrant so she was making unbelievable
money bro stop it let's break this down
by the minute yeah 78 hours in a day
yeah so let's let's she said 70 to 80
let's get crazy and say it's 80 right so
there's eight hours in the day so she's
seen ten people in an hour in an hour
yeah ten shower
yeah that's not counting lunch no
bathroom breaks let's go well she was
operating at night that was whole thing
this whole investigation was about she
would have a New Orleans cop in her
Lobby to make sure that nobody was
trying to you know trying to bust wrong
armor as she paid off the cops crazy no
trouble heap a security detail money for
taps yeah yeah cops are happy we're all
working together in the cops are like
what do you mean I'm just protecting the
front
I'm the cops mind hey he's not breaking
the law now he's not he said he knows
what's going on in the back cuz he's
probably getting chips off a face oh
it's the laws very sketchy it was really
sketchy back in the day to ever see um
who did it
who's that who made oxycontin Express
what was the company behind that
I don't know see we can find that at a
movie oh it was a made-for-television
thing a PBS showed an investigative
report I'm gonna get you the people who
were in the tear guard Vanguard did it
but who's the woman in the man behind it
Mariana van Zeller put it up so I could
see it so I could say because they were
on the podcast so a really cool way back
in the day
yeah Mariana van Zeller and wasn't her
husband involved in this as well I think
so anyway
awesome documentary that detailed what
was going on down there in Florida they
didn't have a database so if you went to
me and I was a doctor and you're like my
back hurts I'm like you need drugs and I
gave you oxycontin you'd like thanks bro
and then you go over to Jamie yeah and
you go to dr. Jamie hey my my back hurts
because you need oxycontin there goes
thanks bro
and he gives it to you and then you just
keep going and so they would go to 10 20
30 different doctors and they have these
thing called pain management centers you
go to a pain management center you see
some solace doctor just sitting there
just writing out scripts just and they
the only thing they write scripts for is
oxycontin's and painkillers and then
they go right next door to the pharmacy
it's in the same thing you know one door
is here one doors here you go right next
door and you get your drugs like in the
same building right it's a one-stop shop
there's no computer system to check so
you just keep doing it and look
everybody does drugs does drugs for a
reason right whether you do real heroin
whether you coke like you're doing drugs
because I mean might not be a reason
that makes sense to you but they want to
do those drugs right you can come up
with reasons why you want to take
painkillers yeah almost anyone
everything people are always in pain my
shoulder hurts
well this is my don't you know take half
or one of these half yeah got it I'll
take half now and half right after it
it's just crazy how many of them there
are if you looked at the actual numbers
of prescriptions are written every year
in this country it's like have you ever
taken anything no not that stuff I did a
morphine drip once though when I was in
the hospital for my knee let's have a
reconstruction in like 93 and it was
laying there and I was on a continual
motion machine
I had a patellar tendon graft which
means they'd cut a piece out of your
bone of your kneecap but a piece of bone
out of your shin and connected to a
strip of your patellar tendon
then they opened you up like a fish and
they screw this in on one bone and screw
that in another Bowl and they
reconstruct you a new ACL it's all hand
works great today to this day I throw
kicks with it a run with it no problem
you were floating on the clouds oh my
god so I'm on this machine that keeps
your leg moving after so it doesn't
stiffen blood doesn't rise this
machine's moving like this and this
fucking drip I'm hitting this trip hard
bang bang bang it's like a warm hug like
when I was lying there I was like I get
it the only time I've experienced that
very similar was when the old nyquil was
available the real codeine filled nyquil
yeah when it fucked you whoa
and I beep I the next morning I was so
high I was lying in my bed I felt so
good I felt so loved I felt like that
like I felt so much better it's like
before the drugs I was miserable I had
the flu I felt like shit but then as
soon as I took that stuff I was like I
feel loved I feel like I'm just like
floating and soft I get it yeah why
people need that I'm the opposite man I
fucking I tore ligaments in my leg and I
took they gave me vicodin and it had an
adverse effect it was so bad I had to go
back to the doctor and I was like it's
giving me crazy anxiety I couldn't sleep
and I ate and I was eating a few of them
trying to kill the pain the pain would
get worse and the guy was like maybe you
maybe vicodin you don't mix but it
fucking it made my it made me angry I
was going through these like really like
night tremor spells and shit I was like
this stuff is I couldn't do I never
touched it again I mean I people love
that stuff I get it yeah he should take
vicodins and play guitar and he said it
made him really creative really really I
I think I took either vicodin or
percocet I can't remember after that
first knee surgery but I only took it
once cuz it made me so stupid I remember
adult the pain a little bit but I was so
dumb man way your host ology half out of
it yeah your brains not full I'd rather
be in pain like this is stupid I can't
even enjoy a television show no what the
fuck is going on I'm laying in my
apartment I can't even watch TV cuz I'm
just stupid
yeah I hate that shit yeah that's the
thing that I like and I and I think I
have a high tolerance for medication and
there's a weird use Hey Hey Joe Joe a
functioning alcoholic you can look it up
though there's the thing about redheads
redheads have a gene
where they have high paint ounces and
high tolerances to met to certain
medicines yes and so every time I've
ever taken stuff nothing really works
for me the way that it's supposed to you
know I mean like people people say all
the time like ah what are you just
palpable advil advil has never done
anything from my whole life if I can
take three or four it doesn't fucking
mean you know they give you those um you
know if you go to a doctor if you got
some kind of thing because a headache or
whatever and they give you those super
advils you know they like to triple the
dose or whatever mmm I take those things
in there nothing so I end up throwing
them away why is it okay to discriminate
against redheads it's one of the last
fun things to discriminate against
people that would still actually hurts
their feelings because we're still white
[Laughter]
like he still has advantages yeah it's
actually it's actually when I see like a
redheaded black guy I'm like oh man
double down Jesus Christ have seen
red-headed people that are really good
at taking punishment and I've always
wondered like I've read things about
redheads having a higher tolerance for
pain - yeah they do was that that
article he brought up they they showed
about it's like it's something it's
something in I don't know what that
there's I'm gonna misquote it but yeah
mc1r gene belongs to a family where
receptors include pain receptors in the
brain as a result a mutation in the gene
allows appears rather to influence the
body sensitivity to pain that makes
sense there's so many Irish dudes who
can take a insane beating mm force to
end on top of that just the toughness of
the Irish people
oh they're fucking their background just
a redhead from Ireland with that mc1r
gene mc1r sounds like a mortal kombat
character and c1r it does it sounds like
a bike bike
yeah the mutation in the mc1r gene also
occurs in brunettes although it's less
common in the latest study the
researchers tested for the mc1r gene
variant finding that in 65 of 67
redheads holy shit and in 20 of 77
people with brown or black hair that's
interesting so it's uh like what is that
like 30-something percent of people that
are brown hair but almost but is that
like 90 97 90 yeah 8% almost 98
that's crazy so all redheads can take a
beating mentally and physically mentally
- that's gonna get shit it on we better
make it bro you have a mental turtle
shell I do
yeah I have a mental show you just have
to look I think I think every read and I
know has an attitude because of how
you're treated as a kid yeah but what
I've talked about this before people
think that it's not a thing it's a thing
or if there's a room full of people
right and a bunch of PC mongers
social-justice words are in the room
everyone to be like you can't say
anything about him can't anything about
her but her if they got to a redhead
they'd be like it's it's fine yeah they
can it's why that's not that big of a
deal why they're still full white like
imagine making fun of a handsome white
man with blonde hair
would you a Hitler's dream yeah probably
but otherwise Nazi motherfucker like you
get easily and no one would feel bad
because it's perceived that they have
all the advantages yeah even though that
what if they're you know think they're
homeless and they're you know how about
they're dumb that's the biggest
disadvantage of person I ever has if
their brain doesn't work how many really
handsome dummies do you know I mean most
bro I know a couple guys that are dream
boats but they're dumb as a rock they're
so handsome
they have just beautiful faces and
perfect cheeks and they just look great
stop Jamie races I'd be so excited to
meet those guys but part of me says
those poor bastards are at a
disadvantage because everything's so
easy right they're big giant handsome
people like you see a six foot tall
perfect man like do you know what kind
of pussy David Hasselhoff must have been
getting in the 80s are you kidding
insane you imagine the kind of girl the
girls were catapulted himself in his
direction it didn't matter
like smart or not he was beautiful yeah
you know and he was really tall and
classically handsome you know that's a
giant advantage and if you you have that
giant advantage and you don't have to
work hard to meet women look at him
Jesus Christ what a dreamboat yeah he's
a baby fucking kidding me look at that
face where's inclusive where's the naked
one where he's on the rug that's the
funny one right he's a really nice guy
too he did
sort of Fear Factor Diddy yeah yeah he
did celebrity for your factor he this is
what's great about back then though you
didn't have to have a great body like
nobody had a six-pack no one had pecs
unless you were a bodybuilder yeah look
at them like you looks like a guy who's
maybe worked out three times okay yeah
right yeah kind of knows where the gyms
are yeah like when someone in a hotel
goes oh we have a gym and he's like I'll
check it out you know hey looks good I
love this Nautilus equipment yeah he was
uh but but my point being like that guy
okay Hey look at that Knoblauch no
muscle strong we're just fucking arms
there's no muscle structure dude that's
crazy do much working out but you don't
need to back then you had you could be
like a Hollywood dude who didn't ever
it's kind like Leonardo DiCaprio might
be the only guy who's that famous and
good-looking today that has a bad body
you bring out his body as shit that dude
there's a shit for a famous guy dude he
has a dog shit body all the guys in his
level are met Brad Pitt Ryan Reynolds
all these dudes are jacked as shit just
jacked and you see you lean over to
Capra on your like this this slubby
Plato looking fucking body dude he's so
good though I know he's the Pozzo good
he's a pump king he gets everything he
does whatever he wants he's such a good
actor he I mean so good he's won one of
my favorite of all time cuz he made
movies back then that I loved and now
that I might forget how good he is cuz
he's so handsome
you can forget but then you see a movie
like did you see look at his body that's
Bert Kreischer if he lost 100 pounds I
mean it's a dumpy regular dudes body and
look he's not he's not trying to hide it
no it's awesome he's seven months
pregnant cocaine baby inside his belly
leo in his second trimester he can do
whatever the fuck he wants he's a
fucking modern-day Jack Nicholas but
that's why I'm that's that's why I
appreciate that would have sound better
if I got the name right he's a
modern-day Jack Nicholson yeah he's not
trying with his fucking body he's just
being an amazing actor dude into Django
and he played that evil dude unreal
fuckin Amen you buy it you believe it
yeah so intense that fight scene was one
of my
when he he fucking hits these intense
moments like in the revenant as well
it's another movie where he has these
moments were like fuck you forget how
good that guy is you forget how good he
is yeah did you like once upon a time I
know you did loved except for Bruce Lee
scene but that's I'm a Bruce Lee fan I'm
a dork real disrespectful to Bruce Lee
it was really it didn't make sense
because even though Bruce Lee was very
confident he deemed that he was arrogant
this was Quentin was saying and there's
no you know I don't think I just don't
think he was a Bruce Lee fan has any
athlete at that caliber not been
arrogant well you name me someone that's
good and there were things are swirly
right because Bruce Lee wasn't like a
professional athlete per se he was an
actor but he was also one of the most
important martial arts pioneers ever
right because he was a like a true
dyed-in-the-wool
innovator and if you look at his skills
like when he did the Green Hornet and
came a death and OH
Chinese connection just his kicking and
striking skills off the charts technique
beautiful technique and for the time
very few people a technique like it like
in the later years people's technique
improved they got people had a chance to
see more styles and video and see more
of what's possible but if you go back
and watch even like legends like Jim
Kelly and like some of those other like
Joe Lewis who was a heavyweight
kickboxing champion not the box that's
playing in movies and their technique
was not as good his Bruce Lee's why was
his so sharp he just was a genius he's a
genius martial artist he understood more
about martial arts than anybody book of
his era because he understood that
everyone was being imprisoned by
ideology like if you were a judo guy you
had to stick with judo you couldn't
learn Muay Thai if you learn Muay Thai
you'd be disrespectful to your master
disrespectful to your style and people
get mad at you when I was training in
Taekwondo and then I started kickboxing
my instructor did not like it they did
not like one of my instructors in
particular did not like it didn't think
I needed to do it and thought I could
get everything that I needed at there
but I knew that wasn't true
because I was going to gyms again boxed
up and I was like okay I'm getting my
bell rock I need
learn how to use my fucking hands better
and I started going to boxing gyms and
these that was very like you couldn't do
that you weren't supposed to do that
like there were a little bit lenient
with me because they knew I was a lawyer
and I was an instructor I was trying to
learn things right but when you go to a
kung-fu school if you thought you go to
a karate school they would fall could
beat you like the people would really
kick your ass if they thought you were
leaving to go train with the karate
school wow it was real weird
so back in the day Bruce Lee was the
only guy he was training in Wing Chun
and quite a few other martial arts he
studied but then he started studying
Western boxing he started studying
wrestling he started studying judo and
you know he did some grappling training
with gene LeBell who was supposed to
kind of represent the Brad Pitt
character because the Brad but in a
different way the Brad Pitt character is
this ultimate badass stunt guy in that
movie and him and Bruce Lee get in a
fight and you know he kind of kicks
Bruce Lee's ass right he really fucks
him up really fucks him he kicks him
into a fucking car avoids the door the
real story when Bruce Lee met judo gene
LeBell judo gene LeBell was a stunt man
and he's a fucking gorilla he was a
heavy with her light heavyweight judo
champion and I mean a fucking bear of a
man and he just picked Bruce Lee up like
he would pick up you or me yeah and
walked around with him on his shoulder
like just being cute with them and bruce
lee was like okay teach me and Bruce Lee
and him train together and even in a
theme was Game of Death when the opening
scenes he gets this guy it's either in a
crucifix or an armbar I forget but he
gets his kind of submission technique
which would be in the very first ever
MMA gloves like I don't know who
invented those gloves who designed them
but those gloves that Bruce Lee was
wearing in it was Game of Death those
was a game of death or Enter the Dragon
where he wore those gloves I think it
was Game of Death those gloves that he
was wearing yeah they were just like UFC
gloves just like UFC gloves just a
little bit different a little more puffy
you know see goes but anyway he gets his
dude down and gets him a fucking arm
lock and he taps them
that's judo gene LeBell shit like Lebel
taught him how to do that stuff but what
I was saying is like it's not impossible
that Bruce Lee would get beat up by
someone like
the Bell in fact I would bet everything
on it I would bet the fucking house
Bruce Lee had a fight with gene LeBell
gene LeBell would grab him and just like
he would do you or just like you do me
he would choke him unconscious that's
just facts this is just facts that's not
the problem if they had that in the
movie that wouldn't be a problem the
problem is like he they had Bruce Lee
act like an asshole yeah and there was
no real evidence of the act like that
he was certainly confident but it was
also because he was a brilliant man and
he knew he was brilliant he knew he was
right he combined all these martial arts
he was the first guy to combine things
he was the first guy to take some of the
kicks from savate which is like this
french kickboxing style and he would
combine them with movement of fencing he
was really interested in fencing how
they had these big entries right and he
realized that there's like a technique
to these big entries with the sword that
you could apply with a punch and so he
was in the fencing and he was into
everything man yeah it was a genius so
what was quitting trying to say he made
him out to be a dickwad but he didn't
like him
I don't think he knew him and it was
more fun for him to make him out to be
that way look everybody in the movie was
someone who they weren't right like all
the Manson Family Wines a spoiler alert
they turned the tables on them and they
all get killed and none of the innocent
people die it's a fucking wild scene the
movie
the thing is they made a guy who's a
beloved historical figure
they made him out to be a dickwad it's
like he doesn't ever whatever it look
when he's making these movies there's
just wild ass movies he does whatever he
want yes why those movies are so great I
would never tell him what to do but I'm
just saying the only thing I didn't like
was that this guy who is this you know
it's is there an equivalent in other
sports like Bruce Lee it's hard to say
because he wasn't really a competitor
right him maybe like one karate match
that was recorded I'm sure he had some
gym fights everybody who got involved in
martial arts had some kind of gym fights
where there were real fights because
there's someone who transcended there
transcended their sport a little not now
but other than like think of any other
sport of that era and or in it's more
than a sport rights fighting is like a
little bit more personal but what one
person transcended the whole art
like Bruce Lee did yeah it's hard I mean
the only guy that like comes to mind
that did that dynamically is such a
remarkable athlete like bo Jackson is
maybe the most impressive quiet humble
athlete that are my generation has ever
seen
bo Jackson was not only a pro baseball
player but a pro football player and was
fucking insane at both and when he was
done because of injury unfortunately he
relegated himself to still becoming this
like very centered athlete there's video
of him shooting bow and arrow with his
toes and stand ripping bull's-eyes I
mean he's an incredible dynamic athlete
who's very quiet and humble and was
always kind of the guy who never boasted
the way that his image was put up right
like his image was put up to a degree
that was like one of the greatest of all
like bo knows he was a campaign he
became a superstar but his image was
based on his accomplishments yes now
talking that's what I'm saying he did
the bow was never a guy that was very
like in-your-face and loud and
boisterous
a guy that a guy today would be like you
know like Oh Cho Cinco you know like
cheddar all those guys did their big
flashy that talkers I'm the shit Deion
Sanders a better example of a guy who's
a football player and a baseball player
Oh
neon Deion bro show time all he did was
talk about how good he was Bo wasn't
that way but but in my opinion was the
most dynamic athlete I ever saw as a kid
he was fuck he used to break baseball
bats over his knee when he got mad if he
stroked out I mean yeah and it looked
like a it looked like me cracking him
twig I mean but if you find try to find
a video of him shooting that Bo it's the
most impressive thing I've ever seen in
my fucking life hee hee hee whittles him
and makes all of it himself at his house
he lives up in the woods somewhere I
swear to God he was on my friend Steve
Rinella podcast he's neither he's in
Christ a really interesting episode yeah
so yeah he's got a bow making shop he
got really into bow hunting but now he
can't draw a bow back anymore his
shoulders are so fuck yeah so far from
football that uh he has to use a
crossbow now I mean it's just he's one
of those guys that was I guess the only
way I can compare him is just his
humility was overwhelming he never
really was a loud boisterous guy when he
both when he played in after his career
so that was the only thing that I think
would parallel Bruce Lee cuz everything
I know about Bruce Lee is like but he
this is my difference he was a super
accomplished athlete
Bruce Lee was a movie guy yeah he was a
movie star but usually yeah I guess
that's true but if I mean but for you
saying from your perspective saying like
he he was a martial artist Yeah right
for sure so then isn't that still true
without the movie shit he was a
phenomenal martial artist who's
definitely a phenomenal Marsh just
didn't compete didn't really compete
well yeah I guess that's part of it but
I mean like can you not compete and
still be at the top of a thing I mean is
that possible I don't know man
you know that's the one thing that if I
was gonna make an argument against me as
a commentator for the MMA for MMA I've
been fought in MMA like it's kind of
hilarious and I'm a commentator for MMA
yeah even though I'm a fan of it and I
know mostly what I'm talking about you
know that's on the contract must know
most of what I know mostly what I'm
talking about when it comes to wrestling
like I've really it's really interesting
to work with guys like Dominick Cruz or
work with Daniel Cormier Daniel Cormier
in particular was like one of the best
wrestlers to ever compete in MMA
Manny's I know me any an active
wrestling coach and Dominick does a lot
of coaching too and a lot of MMA
coaching too but both guys are so good
at breaking down the technical aspects
of it it makes you realize how little
you really know about certain
specialties you know but are they good
at well you the difference is are they
good at also articulating emotion and
public's the public viewpoint that's the
difference I can give expert analysis of
ground fighting yeah ground fighting I
can give expert like just just you know
not to blow my horn but I know what's
going on like the way a lot of people
know what's going on with boxing I can
tell you what's going on with chokes and
when when someone's in trouble when
someone's not and I can see it because
I've been strangled a million times okay
I know what that is I'm like this guy's
in trouble like and some people can't
see that most MMA fighters at a certain
point in time they know most basic shit
in terms of positions and when things
are dangerous but once stuff gets exotic
like weird rubber guard transitions or
strange chokes like people invent new
chokes all time there's always like
something new that you haven't seen
before like how the fuck did he do that
and you have to go back and watch it
again
but do people think how many people
think that you did fight anybody does
you don't think so I knew at kickbox
and I mean if anybody looks at my record
had three kickboxing fights and I don't
know how many talk window fights a lot
probably 100 what was your record I
don't know I had two and one in
kickboxing I lost my last kickboxing
fight but as far as talk window I have
no idea
I won the Massachusetts state
championship four years in a row and I
won I think was called the American Open
which is a big tournament won I came in
second place in the US Cup that was a
big thing in that was in Connecticut and
I fought the national champion in the
finals and I thought I beat him that was
when I was like 19 20 that was when I
was at my best when I was around 21
before I tried out for the Nationals and
try I was gonna try to make the Olympic
team that's when I was starting to box
and kick box and I was losing faith in
Taekwondo I was realizing that there was
I had a distorted perception of what I
could do so it was just way you were way
more engaged with boxing than you ever
were which I was getting beat up yeah
that's what it was yeah I would go to
these kick boxing gyms and when I would
just bought when I kick box guys I could
kick them so hard they couldn't get
close enough to box me a lot of time so
I'd kick him in the arms I'd kick him
and they'd be like what the fuck and
then I could even though my hands
weren't as good as those my legs were so
much better because a lot of these guys
couldn't kick at all so as long as we're
starting at a distance I could slam my
legs into them and they'd just be
terrified like so many guys just be just
try not to get hurt right because if
someone can kick and you can't kick
there's a terrible feeling yeah
someone's taking so much scarier than
taking them because punches I feel like
you know I could get into a fist fight
if someone fucking kicks you in a fist
fight I'm done I'm getting it's just so
painful there's so much mass in the leg
and so they're so heavy you don't
realize how hard it is until you get hit
even just getting hit in the arm if it
fucking sucks so bad yeah when someone
slams their shin into your arm you're
like motherfucker it's sucks dude but
when I was boxing with dudes I was
getting lit up and particularly there
was this one dude that I used to box
with his name was dangerous Dana
Rosenblatt and wound up to become the
Massachusetts or the New England
middleweight champion really good guy
and I was sparring with him a lot in the
beginning he was beating my
ass and I was like damn this kid wants
to fight way more than I do because I
was already doing comedy at the time and
I was starting to realize like I gotta
pick one of the other yeah and then as I
was getting into kickboxing because
around 21 was when I got into comedy
right right after on 21st birthday and
so when I was getting into like really
in the kickboxing was like 20 into 21
and the same time I was thinking about
doing stand-up and the same time I was
realizing Taekwondo is bullshit now not
really bullshit but not free it's in
it's incomplete the problem is it's
incomplete of someone knows how to box
like what someone closes the distance on
you you don't know what you do with your
hands you don't know how to protect
yourself you don't know where the
punches are coming from you're not used
to it and you have to get used to it the
only way to get used to is to learn how
to actually box and I didn't know how to
actually box until I was like 19 or 20
when I started going to these other gyms
and then when I when I realized I had
these giant holes trying out for
Taekwondo like doing Taekwondo
tournaments and I still competed in Thai
quenelle but less it wasn't excited
about it anymore because I realized like
this is if I want to be a complete
martial artist like I want to follow
like Bruce Lee's teaching I've found a
hole in my game I have to patch that
shit up huh there's a whole part that I
thought I knew how to do and I didn't I
knew how to punch things I could compose
things hard but you think that's boxing
until someone pops you with a double jab
left hook oh no technique comes to play
but it's this lean hand uppercut you
just fucking chin me with you think
that's awesome that's also because you
like you're obsessed as a human you are
you're obsessed with finding the next
level of things so you were leveling up
to like tech one no just became kind of
boring to you too wasn't that because I
still wasn't the best in the country
you know I'd lost in the finals to the
guy who is this creme Jabbar I think his
name was he sounded he sounds good he
was good very good he was a national
champion you know Kareem Jabbar's are
good
I lost a decision to but I'm telling you
I thought I won that but there was a lot
of wacky decisions in Taekwondo I mean I
definitely lost a lot of fights but
there was ones that are one that I
didn't get the decision is it a point
system by yeah but it's a weird point
system it's very similar to boxing where
you know you decide yes aside I never
understood but I love boxing watching my
I don't get I'd still don't get boxing
scoring when you're like what where do
they come up with these nuts just people
that aren't good at it you know if you
had like Ali boxing judges like that's
what I used to love about like comedy
judges Harold Lederman has to do the but
he used to tell you what the score was
he would tell you what the score was you
know like so he would say this is how I
have it you know I think Rosario has
been doing the best work and he would
you know break down the fight right it
was it was part of what was fun but
anyway I wasn't bored with it in that I
achieved the highest of heights it was
that I realized it had holes in it like
big holes big holes big holes like if I
was in a street fight with one of those
boxers and I was in a bar where I
couldn't throw a kick I would be in deep
shit yeah deep shit and so I learned how
to box but that was right or so like my
Xperia x10 smite like I'm not a guy who
should be explaining like everything
that's going on but it's entertaining
that's it like we talked about before
the show all these NFL guys are mad
because Tony Romo got a 17 million
dollar contract and they're way better
than him on the field than he ever was
on the field a lot of these guys are
getting paid way less and this dude was
you know like how the fuck is this dude
getting he was talking yeah he's just
chatting well that's what makes guys
like neon Sanders neon Dion Dion yeah
he's so flamboyant because that's where
you get money outside of just playing
and the truth is guys like Romo he does
have and this is something that you
would share his acumen for the game is
so strong but he's also like his
opinions are so real that he's not
trying to save a job a lot of times
these announcers they Strine adjust save
a job you know they're like doing the
right thing being safe yes they're
totally he doesn't give a fuck he'll
call out an offense or a defense and say
well this is why they fucked up that
last play and I think America goes oh
shit that's great that's cool to know
versus someone just going here's the
play and there's the play and that's
what happened in okay here next I mean
it just could people get bored of the
same kind of announcers it's also his
insight is gonna be so much better than
anybody who has to play the game so he's
just came off the field yeah he's
actually that's why in the UFC they do a
great job with guys like Michael Bisping
it was a former middleweight champ and
he does a lot of commentary now and he's
great dc-dc commenting yeah Dominick
Cruz Paul Felder who's great at ooh yeah
and all these guys that have fought
before especially at the the really
highest level maybe even fought some of
the guys are doing commentary for they
can give real insight as to the things
this guy does what they train for
tendencies do any of these X Fighters
ever become trainers or coaches oh yeah
a lot of them because that's like the
thing in the NBA is like become a coach
it's like they all want to become a
coach not not as much in the NFL but NBA
specifically it's big with that yeah but
you know what makes me sad when fighters
become coaches and then get fat well
they all get fat dude a lot of them get
fat not all of them anybody out there's
a bunch in boxing there's a bunch of MMA
and then you see him and you're like
damn dude what's going on you ain't
training I'm eating well when they're
done fighting man they're just done
they're just done well because a lot of
these athletes they spend their - every
waking moment like not doing the fucked
up thing that we all get to do and so
then when they get a break I think at
some point they're like fuck it but that
was one of the reasons why it's so
impressive that a guy like George st.
Pierre takes four years off and comes
back better than ever because he never
stopped training right you really never
stopped training because he's a martial
artist
he's not just a fighter he fights
professionally and he's a world champion
but he's also a martial artist that's
what he is
so he's always training and he trains
because he enjoys it so like when I see
a guy like him that takes years off you
see him looks like a fucking Greek god
he's sculpted you know it looks perfect
doesn't anybody's taking a day off off
out of the gym right he looks as good if
not better than he did when he was the
welterweight champion of the world he
looks amazing but isn't it more fun
though to see a guy like get fat as far
yeah I like the fear like the fury fight
like what a story to tell for a guy to
get fat and then thin again yeah but
that's different he's still a fighter
sure he had a just a depressed moment in
his life but we're talking about guys
who become trainers after fighting right
and they get fat that makes me sad
because I think they're sad
well yeah but they're also missing out
on the thing that they used to get to do
I mean it's got to be weird to put on a
suit as a coach or a trainer or whatever
put on the proper gear when you can
you're not doing this thing anymore and
watching it you know what it's like um I
quit basketball my senior year because I
liked partying a lot and I was like I
say this I've found
and I was like take it easy basketball
that's like I just and I and a friend of
mine invited me out we were getting
stoned and he invited me to go to a game
cuz we knew one of the rival school guys
who were playing we want to see him
afterwards and I went and I was baked
out of my head but I was sitting sitting
in the bleachers watching them play and
a piece of it killed me I didn't think
it was gonna affect me because I was
like I'm over basketball I'm never gonna
play in college it was fun while it
lasted I got a move on but it did kill
me dude a piece of me was sitting there
being like fuck this sucks that like I
remember what that felt like that thing
and when I got taken away from that when
I took it away from myself it does fuck
you up it's exciting it stays in your
brain yet you're playing a game you get
a win there trying to win to the balls
going there know what's over here
I'm gonna try to grab it oh yeah do you
feel like a hero right it's like you you
would like you retiring if you retired
from comedy I mean if you went to see a
stand-up show it would eat you alive
probably unless you were done unless
you're really done are you really gonna
ever be done not me no but on some
people who but who do you know that of
the greats that you love and respect are
just done at some point Steve Martin
he's still 20 torn right now yeah but
not really he's not doing stand-up he's
doing this two-man show with Martin
Short where there
I watched it they do stand-up be bits
mm-hmm but I also think Steve is it got
music the music bug took over which to
me still the same parallel he's still
performing I think the music bug took
over like well he had it back then I
mean don't you remember like his
stand-up albums music he had a bunch of
no he's like us outright musicians all
he wants to do so that to me it's still
the same he's a different thing he's
just he's doing it differently but he
still pro so like to me I always think
what someone goes oh yeah when I retire
it's like you're never gonna fuckin
retire from comedy unless it tells you
you got to go away I don't think comedy
I don't think we ever quit I think it's
just you know like really things you can
still do it right why would you stop
you know how fun it is I mean we talked
about this before like I feel bad for
people can't kill yeah it's weird never
feel you've never felt that yeah on
stage and the oh and just rock the house
it's the best feeling in the world
and when you got a new punch line BAM
and it hits when you know it's coming to
the way it feels and you see people
happy you look out there's all these
smiles yeah everybody's having a good
time right everybody's happy you feel
that you feel like you're making people
feel good you can't that's why I think
it's hard to be really hard to quit it's
like it's sad it'd be a sad a sad moment
till I give that up I feel like that you
know when they say when a guy retires
that's when he dies sometimes my old man
retired he's it's different his lust for
life is a little bit different now like
he's going through waves he's getting
better but it's weird man it just feels
like he's a people person he wants to be
around people and now they doesn't have
that anymore I'm like go get a fucking
shitty job at a you know clothing store
or something kind of bullshit jobs he
can talk to people because being at the
house is miserable that he doesn't do
shit all day
he watches Fox News and eats beef jerky
and I'm like dude Fox News is designed
for old people
it's on loop and my tits on loop in the
living room so many old people when I go
over their house they're watching Fox
Fox News about Fox News white men over
60 is mandatory once Fox News and shake
their head I can't believe these lips
yeah I can't believe him it's he lock
her up lock why they trying to sneak in
I don't believe them I don't trust them
they run out of so much material
sometimes when I come home to my parents
house and they've run out of material to
talk about on Fox News they start
getting really heavy into pop culture
that's when it makes me laugh when they
they're like did you see what Ariana
Grande was doing the other day I got
nothing to talk about they're just blood
they're empty at some point well it's
linear guys like these shows our opinion
shows as much as they are new shows
they're mostly opinion show yeah news is
a part of it is opinion yeah it's just
such a weird time man you know what's
really interesting to me too is like if
a liberal goes on Fox News they get a
ton of shit oh yeah any of the
presidential candidates that have been
on Fox News like I think yang I know
Bernie's been on Fox News and I think
Tulsi has definitely been on Fox News as
well yeah and people just get real mad
at them yeah because it's just there's
this thing over there
yeah talking to those propagandists it's
it's just it's like it's um it's like
the way that people talk about you is
really funny when they're like you know
when they label you with something and
oh there's our boy Oh Biden was there to
look at him see I just wonder about his
skin that there pull what are they
pulling it back with fishing wire to
keep it up up on his head it just seems
he seems oddly stiff you know I'm saying
yeah like it seems like everything's
pulled like this is not a I expect a
certain amount of laxity in a man's face
when he reaches a certain age
particularly around the forehead area
I'm just not seeing it I'm not seeing
any movement either which makes me
wonder about that like I want to see
expressions in your forehead my worry is
his lack he has a very big his he lacks
the ability to have like a cohesive
story like he's not good at being like
have you ever seen him talking to kids
by the pool it's the weirdest fucking
talking about hairy legs what the fuck
he's like it'll do a bunch of little
black kids he's like and the black kids
would come up and they'd see my hair go
up and bubbles come up they touch my
hairy legs fuck I just think his brain
is he's losing a lot of I tweeted
something this morning cuz there was
someone put up a video of models on a
runway on a catwalk and they're all
tripping and falling at the same spot
these dumb shoes they're wearing and I
was like this is Biden's brain cells
it's like they think they're on the
right path after they get to this spot
they just can't fucking did you see the
thing that he was talking about God
creating women or no and then he called
his wife his sister you know the you
know I forget what it was I forget what
the gaff was but it was one of those we
list him like what your what are you
saying like it's it's like he has no
brakes but his car is you don't going
down the hills my god jeez I had a
fucking trees I hit the wall fuck it is
can't remember the word creator refers
to God as the thing
hey actually I like that more that's on
it you know what I think I have a
different take on it let's play it
because I want I want to have a
different take on because I listen to I
said oh I know what he's doing when do
you think it is first it was the bottom
one the second way he doesn't want to go
you know pause you can't be president
stop pause pause listen we can't play
any games here folks this is a really
old man who can't talk like this is not
a joke like that right now you know the
thing play that again play that again
this should get you into a mental
hospital right they should be like hey
Joey you are right he had three strokes
while he was saying that it's the first
one what was that word self-evident is
that we hold these truths to be
self-evident but it didn't sound right
he'll hear it again doesn't do it he's
drunk
that dudes either drunk or he can't talk
we were just your bezel evident he
shouldn't be doing this in still evident
and then he says when he goes he could
have just said all men and women are
created and he could have just said
equal and gotten out of there and been
like fuck it blew up and instead he goes
I think he didn't want to say the
Creator because there's a lot of
religious thing yeah there's a lot of
people that would say well what are you
trying to say do you believe in
evolution or not are you a science
deniers Oh Biden Joe Biden's of science
denier that's it but that's part of the
problem with all these any my biggest
beef with anybody in the Democratic
Party when you watch these debates is
they all want to say the thing that they
really feel but they're tiptoeing cuz
they're scared out of their fucking
minds of someone going up did you warn
just sexy and she's not she's anti-trans
because she referred to you know they
did they're waiting for them to fuck up
well they're making people behave the
way they would like them to behave right
there they're forcing compliance right
meanwhile Trump is just like trans fags
I don't care fuck em all shit we were
trying to find it yesterday did you find
that thing for titania McGrath
god I love
dude he's on goddamn him every day yeah
the the interview was great but he just
his perspective on the chaos is so
perfect because he just takes a little
it takes a how a little bit of how dumb
they are and just shows everybody and it
says so much a little dumb tweet says
everything you need to know you tweeted
something today that was phenomenal
there was a series of it was a tweet in
response to a series of tweets about
removing a fly yeah women are woman a
noun a female human and then people are
saying that's a transphobic dog whistle
you should write immediately and then
he's like that's true the the the you
know biologic I forget the exact females
have never been women or women have
never been females or something else
it's like it's so great it's real reason
unless he's tweeting all day or and they
took down the flag its response to a
picture this is two days ago maybe three
days ago or something that so you'll see
there's a flag in that's C first one go
to the first one see that here it is
look at this good it says hey Sefton
council flag you're flying at the moment
is a hostile transphobic dog-whistle
recognizes a symbol and brand of one of
Britain's most outspoken invisible trans
and antagonists excuse me antagonists
and the leader of a transphobic hate
group hmm okay that well he might be
telling the truth there though that
might be something that like really anti
trans people do fly as a flag even
though it is just the definition of a
woman that might actually be true it
could be thing is that the thing is like
one thing is what it is what it is is a
fact but if that's something if it has
like some logo on it that represents
some anti-trans group that's right can
we find out if it does because I we
should know because it's either one of
two things either it's crazy to say that
it's transphobic because all it is is
the biological scientific definition of
a woman and it's woman empowerment is
maybe the
initial intention was to be like women
were we go women but you know underneath
it all it might be some fuck you can't
say go women know if it's women versus
trans women you can say go women if it's
women versus men right right you can't
say go women if it's women versus trans
women because trans women or women you
know what I say to women joy say get
back into kick change you probably do
say that's where you belong yeah that's
a fucking terrible so find out if that
that flag actually is the flag from a
hate group like because if there was a
transphobic like just let's imagine not
someone who's like hey I don't think
trans women should fight biological
women and not tell them that they used
to be a man for 30 years which is my
position right what got me called
transphobic that's not really
transphobic cuz I really don't care if
you're trans I'm happy for you it makes
you feel better to be a woman or better
to transition to a man congratulations
really as an adult
yeah yeah yeah but there are groups out
there that don't like trans people like
literally don't like them and think that
they're all insane and then they all
should be committed to mental
institutions yes and then they should
have that she'd never called them by
their female name he should never treat
him like they're a woman maybe that was
the head of that group that's a
different perspective but it was a
council he was tweeting at it's a
government building which is why I have
a hard time believing that right that's
the why I'm like who put the flag up
weird the flag to say Clifton Council
you click on that Clifton Council and
see whom they are yeah but that's I
think but that's the problem is like
look like there's a difference though
there is but also do you think do you
think that that it just blankly do you
think that was the intention of that
flag I think most likely if I was gonna
fly a flag that said woman noun a
biological female I was saying that a
biological male is not a woman that's
probably what I was saying sure depends
on why they're saying it are they saying
it because these trans women are
encroaching on female spaces like female
sports uh-huh or are they saying it
because they don't think it's morally
right for someone to transition to
become a woman
I mean why they saying it that's a
question look at what it is cuz what it
is is inarguable yes that's what a woman
is right the question is do you think
that a trans woman is the same as a
biological woman in terms of like the
respect they deserve and whether or not
you should treat them in a friendly
manner right whether or not or whether
you should discriminate them or be
allowed to scrim innate against them
that's where it gets weird right yeah I
mean I think I hear all this stuff and I
just I think about that asteroid that's
supposed to come and I'm like hurry up I
don't really give a fuck anymore I'm
through the Black Plague
I think we'll get through trans people
no no no I'm saying we don't all this
nonsense
I think global warming is gonna be good
for us I think we deserve to get out of
here for a little while I think need to
start from scratch I think we need to
get fucked off this planet and the earth
needs to start again without us I think
we're getting too we're getting too
heavy or someone sounds like a quitter
yeah hey hey I'm done I'm done
the real problem is people trying to get
people to comply with their perspective
and not recognizing other people's
perspectives and then being like
militant about supporting their side
yeah but like look an educated person is
cool with almost everyone doing what
they want what they please right so what
we're really doing is similar most
educated people would go do you care
about trans but I'd go I hope they're
fucking happy I don't care I don't care
what anybody wants to do there as long
as it makes them happy and that's a part
of their life that they choose to do
that no one's forced them to do then I
hope that they're happy I why would I
why would I care I think only only
uneducated people have a tough time
accepting somebody else's needs or wants
to be what society doesn't deem the norm
get more insecure yeah because if you if
you're if you're fucking educated you do
you have other things to think about and
to worry of people that are bigots sure
sure but I do think it's more rare yeah
I mean - but I think there's a lot of
really time people that aren't educated
I think really it's just or ignorant
perhaps maybe that's the thing maybe
there's a lot of okay so let's say this
there's members of my you know family or
friends or people that we know quite
educated who are ignorant towards people
so they've never met
transperson so they're a little weary of
them perhaps it doesn't mean they hate
them yeah it means they might go I don't
know man I've never fucking seen one you
know what I mean let's be honest before
people felt real comfortable in us they
still don't really but they're more
comfortable now I think coming out than
they ever were before yeah people just
woke up many but my point is there
wasn't that many of them like when we
were kids
how many trans kids were in your high
school zero zero yeah but also there
probably were kids I wanted to be
translated societally had this weird bar
on them that was like because what's
weird it's like that bar has been lifted
in some ways how many more bars are
gonna get lifted that's my whole thing -
what else is next
Fock skin people that are animals yeah
but I'm cool that I went to high school
with some kids I thought they were
animals for sure you know there's always
like a kid that wears ears and prance
into the hallway
furries yeah people are like Mikey's
funny man he just let him fly if they
get together they have a good time you
know it goes furry convention right I
seen a scene that's always sexual like
it always turns into it's never it's
never like we just do this because this
is how we feel it's like we like the
fuckin costumes that's what it is yeah
and you take a peek is the woody the
woodpecker doll is about to fuck you you
look at his herpes is this a personal
experience what happened they're all
sweaty staph infections should imagine
the perfect job for one of those kids in
high school that wanted to be an animal
is a mascot for a sporting team that's
like the most they're just in there
jerking off in between there's all these
guys around everybody's going crazy
nobody knows who you really are under
there yeah actually probably hot as fuck
in there though it's got so we talked
about this I went to a basketball game
when I got home the other day and I was
like I wonder how much they make I
wonder what they if they Minh if if they
only do it because it's a free trip to
the to the game because there's no way
it's a can't make a lot of money doing I
can't imagine I would imagine you don't
make a lot of money first of all you're
replaceable
yeah just put we're done with you Dave
no it's my I'm gonna hire my nephew
instead well whenever there's a mascot
like what Ronald McDonald yeah why yeah
and like I remember there was some
McDonald's maybe I'm remembering this
incorrectly but didn't they used to have
McDonald well you can meet Ronald
McDonald McDonald used to be yeah the
the figure himself was at charity events
a lot or like you could like the
McDonald's I dressed up like him yeah
but it wouldn't be at it wouldn't be at
the location just on a random day there
was always like the Ronald McDonald
House was a children sponsorship and
they would do like you know they would
do a lot of events he was out he was out
a little bit more but it's almost like a
Santa Claus type deal totally I mean if
Ronald McDonald asked for too much money
the boy pitch nobody knows what you
really always like use the same nose
yeah we got Ronald in Kansas is way
better than you do worship animals is
the same size you have to switch the
little red thing mascots for fast food
is very interesting I've never even
thought about that why that exists
Burger King never had one it's for kids
the rope'n kids in but why did why
Wendy's has Wendy a cute little girl
makes you want to go there and get a
burger
Taco Bell has alejandro you know him do
you know him Alejandro the taco no it's
not a real you know that's a comic no
that's a comedian does that voices
Carlos Rosario is that how to say his
name he the guy from Reno 9-1-1 he did
it yeah the you care to talk about was
you Carlos equity looked that up to make
sure that I'm not out of my head but
yeah he did that campaign yeah yeah but
Burger King never happened they didn't
need one huh talk yeah he doesn't say
anything he's not really like a fait
he's just like a symbol more than a
dozen I guess Wendy's didn't talk much
either
what was your fat out what did you gave
Thomas though he was the creator I mean
that's from Columbus I know a lot about
it but
Wendy's would be from Columbus yeah we
had White Castle that was our trash as a
kid it's interesting if you have
somewhere like in and out that doesn't
they don't do fast food it's not really
fast food I mean it's pretty fast but
it's way better yeah it's me actually
medium but they act like they actually
cook it right there when you get it it's
just way better oh by far it's not even
close yeah so like if you go by Burger
King and you see like the drive-in there
might be one person there yeah you go by
in and out there motherfuckers around
the block never not oh it's never not
packed there's always a line
and it's because it's a better product
but how come they don't how come
everybody else doesn't go hey I got an
idea
why don't they make it better
did you watch the founder movie yeah
that's why I found the founder because I
mean families became a production line
and they learned that shipping Burgers
frozen was way more efficient and they
lost less product and they also cost
them nothing in and out was willing to
take a hit because they were a
family-run business and they were like
there's only a few locations will do
better product for a little bit higher
of a price at and not franchisee yet
because now that you can only franchise
it if you're a member of their family
you know that good keep it up ya know
you you can only buy you can only open a
franchise if you are an extended member
of the original family I'm happy yeah
because it's a great way they're great
because if they went the other way it
would go to shit I mean do raw onions
son it's the best it's so good it is the
best but the thing about it is there's
nothing comparable like there's no one
else is doing it except five guys
there's no one else is doing it like
that I don't shake if I don't like five
guys I've got to take a walk a burger no
fat burgers a sit-down restaurant in
Lausanne in Southern California that's
like I sit down that burgers pretty good
and Whataburger and fat burger on the
same level to me they're like you sit
down when you eat nobody drives through
fat burger that's true
but maybe fat burger should be on that
list
I think burger stands are a thing here
that really don't exist a lot of place
there are a lot of still small places
fat burger doesn't have the kind of
clientele base that does that's what it
is yeah but I would also argue I don't
think know about drive-throughs why
wouldn't they have a drive-thru but I
bet you I bet you I bet you it has a lot
to do with strategic locations as well
but you in and out puts himself in
places where they know they're gonna go
there's a there's a fat burger right up
here on Ventura it's in a great spot and
it usually gets a few people in there
but I'm saying it's never got the kind
of lines but he's right it's a drive to
retain the other thing is fat burner
yeah they do the same thing they cook it
right then when you order it I don't
really do it I don't do it if I'm gonna
get out of the house and eat one of
those I'm gonna have in and outs the
only one I've ever really good I don't
like five guys there's not a
drive-through either that's a
fucking what's the one that came to LA
everyone freed up steak in shake shake
shack no just came from New York Shake
Shack that's it had a huge line for like
months unless I pass okay but it's like
a gourmet version of all they have Kris
fries which is the problem it's a
gourmet it's that good yeah gourmet chef
me it's not the place that was in Ohio
that was outside of the funny bone no
what was that place I tell you really
want to get Shaq thing some Shake Shack
or steak Steak and Shake Steak and Shake
you okay
that's see my fucking dumb ass had those
two like that one my dumb ass those
zucchini that's not even hamburger those
are technically steak patties or steak
burgers really old but they have that
Columbus chili with spaghetti Skyline
Chili that's a Cincinnati thing yeah but
they have that no in Columbus Oliver
that's all over the Midwest said that
chili with spaghetti they do it up
pretty goddamn good when you're drunk oh
dude go to chili John's here in the
valley you never heard of chili Johnson
no they do that on but you know chili
Johnson Burbank you never heard of it
that's what they do there was a guy from
then West he put one over there there's
a few places I'm gonna call and clean
hear about when you're like oh that's
real like that
did you know there's a 24-hour
steakhouse in downtown LA what Pacific
dining cart like a legit 24-hour house
you and I can go there tonight at 4:00
in the morning and get a legit steak
like a fucking bone-in rib eye medium
rare mashed potatoes fucking sour cream
and chives kid how come I never heard of
this before I don't know I haven't eaten
at it I've eaten at the one in Santa
Monica save but one of the writers
fucking I remember what show was on
forgot which writer told me about this
but it was quite a few years back and I
looked into it there's a 24-hour
Pacific dining cart in downtown LA 24
hours you're the only guy I've ever had
steak with at 1:30 in the morning dude
36 years I've been in the earth and
you're the only guy that we go on tour
together it'll be me and you and we'll
be late night and you'll go you're
hungry and I'll go yeah but usually I'll
go I'll just you know whatever eat some
small and quick you're like let's go get
a big
scoffs take well well if you the good
thing about going to big cities like New
York or Chicago there's always some
weird spot there stay open food real
late you know 4 o'clock in the morning
of kitchens open till 3:00 yeah really
and if we call in they're like I'm like
Joe they're like okay we're open we're
open that we just reopened we closed but
we really had to happen a couple times
that's very nice it's been great yeah
it's been great that was Dallas right we
did then we do something in Dallas in
Dallas dude the days are bad with that
over we're late-night steak after a
fucking great show nice no it is it is
the best at late-night eating has
changed comedy will change the way you
eat it's so funny when you're young in
comedy you eat a certain way because you
don't have any fucking money and then
when you get to get in along in your
career you get to eat better and you eat
so different your hours change it's so
weird like when people ask me what time
I eat lunch or breakfast I'm like all
that shit is depending on where I am and
where I'm going people say it's not good
to eat late at night and I think really
it's just food I think the real problem
is eating too much food so when I eat
late at night I don't eat the next day
it's like 1:00 in the afternoon later I
don't eat breakfast most the time if I
eat late at night I get up and I work
out I do something I might not eat until
2:00 or 3:00 in the afternoon right
though they say it's what you eat it's
not when you eat yeah if you're shit
when you eat I mean if you eat then just
go to sleep that's not the best I really
should be moving around your body
probably to adjust things yeah better
but the real problem is watch eat when
you're on the road but it's so easy
bullshit I know so easy to fuck off and
start eating candy and whatever nonsense
trail mix you see it the fucking there's
bullshit everywhere yeah you could
pretend the trail mix is nutritious
because it's got nuts in it right
it's got M&Ms little yeah you just say
three bags of M&M so you you ate so many
M&Ms and then you know some of them have
chocolate chips and them yeah even
better which are the better that's fuck
that's the best version that's not good
for you no that sounds good no and
especially cuz when I go on the road you
know like I like the sauce so if I go to
a bar I'm gonna have the sauce and I'm
gonna have a couple of wings and I'm
it's a part of the thing yeah it's it's
just so hard to not do
you know well especially after tired see
the thing about those shows too is like
especially when we have nights where do
two shows yeah you're fucking cooked
your tires you know you put out a lot of
energy and there's a lot of
concentration involved there's a lot of
anticipation and then when they're over
then you're like fuck I'm hungry yeah
because if we do two shows that means
we're gonna do an eight and a ten I mean
this to the the ten is over at midnight
ish we're gonna eat somewhere around 1
that means we're not eating between so I
won't eat burger two hours before a show
so that means I ate at 6 right so you
know it's like seven eight hours later
you're fucking starving ravage you're
starved last time we did that we would
me and Tony we again we ate at 4:30 we
had dinner Austin fucking geriatrics
eating dinner and then 1:30 in the
morning but if you do that you get real
fuel for the show you know eating right
before it shows the kiss of death
can't do it yeah just slows you to down
too much yeah they suppose you don't
think it's too heavy I'm trying to and
I'm trying to be more focused on like
when I get to the hotel I just go right
to the gym yep it's so painful man but
it's the thing you have to do like this
is what I do I don't have an option the
gym you give yourself an option you'll
fuck your fucked
well I'd well I used to just get to the
hotel jerk off and a nap right every
single time I go I'm gonna nap and jerk
oh there's no way I'm not gonna do this
and now I jerk off in the gym the other
things like I always have phone calls I
have to make or emails I have to answer
and if I start fucking around with those
things it could be an hour late and then
I watch a YouTube video
who is that real then I have to google
it how about fuck in the next thing you
know I'm down a rabbit hole it's an hour
and a half later I'll tell myself yeah
but I I think I've got a good bit right
this fucking trying mantis bit is gonna
kill these Mongols with their flying
eagles that they used to kill wolves I
think there's something in that but it
does do sometimes you do get such a good
bit from going down these stupid little
wormholes for no reason yeah how did
people ever even write jokes in the 80s
I don't even know how I did it you know
there was so much more observational
reason there was so much more
observation that slike the Seinfeld era
of like the bus you get on a bus you get
it at rate you know it's like yeah every
that's why airplane jokes got
quote-unquote played out because it was
like that everyone was that's all people
had there was no fucking internet they
weren't walk
with the internet in their pocket and
comics would always talk about airplanes
because they were always traveling she
would be hotel room service
knock-knock do not disturb like all
these names what does do not disturb me
that's bad the maid comes in I'm coming
oh yeah I know he saw they were sitting
outside for like I'm doing an impression
of Jerry but I'm not just the idea that
era was like there was limited subject
matter these limited things to talk
about do you think that bubble that
comedy bubble from then is the same as
now or now as bigger I don't think the
bubble is the same
I think the bubble that people had in
the 80s it's like people were just
falling in love with stand-up comedy
yeah like this is what we have to
realize and this is where it's really
crazy it's really hard to imagine but
this is true when you think about the
bubble let's go back to 1980
stand-up comedy and Jerry Seinfeld
please welcome this guy in that guy and
all these different comics that were
really popular in in the 80s that was
only 40 years ago okay so you go 40
years before them you have nothing
you have no stand-up right I mean you
literally have jokes you have guys who
do emcee work at different clubs that
bring up a band and then they'll do like
the Don Rickles thing they'll pick on
guys in the audience and then Lenny
Bruce comes along in the 50s in the late
late 50s and the 60s and Lenny Bruce
gets arrested a bunch of times for
talking for explaining things for
talking about how he really sees things
for free using words that are forbidden
for talking about subjects that are
taboo he does a different thing nobody
had done that before there's just new
thing and then Mort Saul does like
political humor and then George Carlin
changes from being this like Johnny
Carson type 7 minutes set on late-night
TV guy with a suit on to being this
hippie who talks about the dirty words
you can't use on television the seven
dirty words yeah and everything shifted
but that won't that didn't happen that
long ago in the 1980s people still
didn't understand what it was so what
guy would go onstage and he looked like
a comedian so you assumed he was a
comedian because he knew how to talk
like a comedian he's like what's going
on
who is this Wild Kingdom taking place in
my house I got a cat I got a mouse let's
get them together like there was comedy
that wasn't really comedy it's like they
were almost like premise merchants and
they never figured out how to bring it
to real comedy they just had a bunch of
tricks and a bunch of like half
duct-taped premises but they sounded
like a comedian I mean I told my wife if
that's what you need to do you go right
ahead nobody laughs really hard but they
get like that there's a rhythm going on
they think they should go along with it
those guys get into the workplace right
they become part of the ecosystem and
they actually had like careers yeah and
the media but their boats start taking
water and they drown and they all sink
and they all went away look if you go
back to those days of the 80s than the
early 90s there was like a whole bunch
of comedians that were doing some weird
thing with her they were like mimicking
the sound of stand-up comedians and
talking about things that comedians
talked about but they were missing like
you know and you have cement you had a
bunch of shit yeah but if you only had
three of those things you just get this
one slot is this missing something yeah
that was a different boom that was like
people didn't know what comedy was like
we're gonna go see some comedy where are
the local comedy Hutton here comes the
guy with the tie and the rolled-up
sleeves now it's an obsession
now comedies become like this the fandom
I think is something that I can't
articulate it's wild to watch like
definitely different it's it's just I
mean you've seen way more than I have in
that sense but even when I first started
in comedy I just the fandom wasn't the
same it wasn't people didn't lose it
like they do now when they meet all of
these comics and go see them live I
think it's a good thing it's just wild
to see it's become bigger than stand up
a little bit I mean dude it's a you know
it's a weird thing it's a weird thing
for sure but I think one of the things
is different is how prolific the comics
of today are and how much stuff they're
putting out yeah if you look at a guy
like burr or Ali Wong
or I mean look at anybody who wrecked
Segura someone who regularly cranks out
really good specials like the outputs
incredible ya know it's it's so it's way
stronger two years or so they're putting
out this murderous new special and
they're constantly working at it and
that just didn't happen before and
binder was talking to me about that
binder is doing a documentary I did
something for we were talking about how
he was saying that those days people
didn't work that hard they had one
special maybe and then the next special
would be years later if they had
everyone ever had one again and they
would have material that just was tried
and true and they would stick with it
and he's like I come in here and I see
these guys just constantly cranking over
and turning over new material yeah and
it's just it's a different kind of thing
and the like those guys that I was
talking about they were around before
they're kind of sound like comedians but
they were missing something you know
what they're really missing embracing it
as an art form they were using it as a
way to try to get a sitcom they were
using it as a way to try to get Fame and
to get try to get success but they
weren't in love with the idea of being
an artist they weren't in love with the
idea of crafting a new bit and trying it
and tweaking it and getting it going and
making it happen and what am I doing
wrong what am i doing right what's I do
more of which I do less of and then
putting it all together in this fucking
like you're using alchemy man you got a
sorcerers hat on you're mixing this
bitch together to boom all the sudden
gets this big giant laughs like you've
conjured up some magic yeah you can get
that big pop yeah the chemistry is
unbelievable when it works also when you
say a joke one different way and you're
like fuck and it doesn't go the way that
it's supposed to go I do that all the
time on purpose and ruined jokes just to
see if he's me anyway I'm like fuck
why'd I rearrange the words but you have
to think you have a certain number of
sets right you if you don't rearrange
the words sometimes you don't know that
magic spot like you missed the magic
spot you know it's like you ever almost
give your missus the well that's I tell
her I go as those on accident whoops no
I don't let her listen to stuff stays on
okay Jamie don't laugh at that's not
funny dude okay
don't let that is not funny I keep I
think you're allowed
I don't think he means what he's saying
I think what he's doing is getting shit
serious I think he's talking shit and
it's your what's confusing your right
shows me something you're right though
that P that it was more the goal was
like could I get a Stevie special from
it or a TV series and now it's changed
so much that like well those guys wanted
to make it yeah you know they wanted to
be in they wanted to be accepted they
were on the outside and they were hungry
and ambitious and then they wanted to
make it right and they got in and when
they got in they were you know like
Kennison doing the fucking intro to a
Jon Bon Jovi video that kind of shit
like you're partying with those guys
yeah I mean they want to be fair in Fame
was so much more appealing back yeah
ladies and gentlemen you know please
welcome Sam you know and sit down the
couch is like you're famous yeah that's
what people wanted they wanted they
wanted to be the famous guy who did
shows and you did show it like even
Jenni who was one of my personal
favorites who was in my opinion one of
the great unheralded comedian Richard
Jeni Richard Jeni yeah fucking amazing
comic he hated it man he didn't want to
do the road he wanted a sitcom he wanted
to want to be a movie star he wanted to
be Jim Carrey or Tom Cruise or or
someone on a sitcom want to be Seinfeld
it's funny because like I I do TV
sometimes and you give me shit about it
all the fucking time but like it will no
it pales in comparison to the way I feel
about stand-up but it is something I
still love the performance of it but if
you said I had to it'd be gun to my face
there's no way I would give up Stan I
mean I just couldn't do it I mean my
goal if if my ultimate goal if someone
like what is the ultimate goal is to
tour for as long as I can to set two
crowds that are there to see me that's
to me there is nothing I could do on TV
there's nothing I there's no fuckin
Quinn Tarantino role I could ever get
that would feel as good as being in a
room with people that fucking paid
admonish it in a heartbeat no of course
there's nothing wrong with doing the
other shit if you enjoy doing it I'll
give you a hard time because it's fun to
give you a hard time I know you loved
you loved shitting on me about doing
that stuff yeah but look I got to do
Curb Your Enthusiasm with Larry David
that's different I would never shit
tentacles and my life thing yeah I would
I told him I would have paid them money
the only a few times have I been so into
a thing where I've been where I push my
agents and go
I'll fuckin I'll lose a lot of money
just to have the opportunity to try it
yeah of course
like Galifianakis to show baskets on FX
I used to love that show
I mean it's a great show not usually but
I told even said I said tell them I will
I will do anything I'll be in the
background because I think that show is
so fucking good
did you ever watch it no I haven't heard
god it was just heard of it just now for
the first time baskets it was a show on
FX at Cal Phoenix created votes not a
lot anymore I don't know if they're
still doing it I don't know if it's
still on I'm disconnected right now I
love Zack though it's just you can't
keep up there's too many things that's
the problem I don't know what's on and
what's going and what's coming any was
just there passing by yeah so but yeah
we're working with like Larry was like
one of those moments of making him break
that's what it really is making that guy
laugh to me was like yeah he's Larry
David man he said beyond he's a wizard
yeah he's a guy who I can tell his
comedy was perfect for this and not the
stage you know how they talk about you
he talks about he's not a good stand-up
yeah you can you know why do you know I
mean when you meet a comedian comedian
and you go I know why you're not a
stand-up but you're great at this thing
yeah it's that's exactly what he is he's
a genius with this live interactive
aspect of acting comedy he's so good at
that and writing yeah it's why I found
it but I but I have seen those tapes of
him doing old stand-up yeah yeah I've
seen some clips he different I bet he
made the comics laugh I bet it was one
of those economists coming for sure but
if we were in the back of the room we'd
be howling do you know who's on top of
his fucking game right now David tell ya
I mean Jesus Christ I don't think I've
ever I rarely see him miss that did you
see him at The Improv last week no I
watched him in Ross at the store when
they were both Tony and I did did show
The Improv last Wednesday and I tell did
the Late Show
god damn he was good yeah god Danny was
good so silly effortless and it's so
it's just it's all silly
yeah it's jokes go into jokes go into
jokes he's he hasn't changed you know
his sensibilities because of all the
backlash it still walls out comedy
really well-written stuff really funny
and just such a good guy
I think he's reminding everybody we're
still comedians yeah we're just in
comics most of us realize that the ones
who've backed off you know they're the
ones who have like a deep sort of
tentacle connection to the business yeah
the ones who are like really connected
to the business like they're executive
producing sitcoms and they're a part of
this and a part of that they've backed
off the wild shit well cuz they know
that they're there it's a threat to them
yes it's self policing and it's they'll
still talk like that in the green room
they'll still make you laugh in the
green but they're scared you know
everyone's scared getting called out now
for jokes which is just I mean I get I
get that people haven't decided to make
this distinction but there's a giant
distinction between someone talking
about something because this is their
actual feelings on something and someone
saying ridiculous shit that they don't
really believe because it's funny yeah
and when you stop that in any way as
soon as you try to step that for
yourself or if you're trying to get
someone else to stop it well you're
really doing is you're enforcing a
particular very narrow band of behavior
right and if you get stuck in that
narrow band of behavior like it's real
hard to see outside of it it's real hard
to see that this is ridiculous right and
as a comic when you see comics getting
mad that other comics are touching on
certain subjects or using certain
language it's like oh like you're
missing the whole thing you thought you
missed the whole thing
that's a mole I feel like that's a mole
inside of the operation but someone's
like I don't like when he does those
that stuff and you're like I can't
believe you're still saying bitch yeah
yeah do you know the depth of what that
word means for people you know what that
does that's my favorite do you know what
that does please tell me chubby white
guy please tell me well that's like
there was a dude there there's a there's
a guy who had a great tweet I don't want
to say his name cuz you know I don't I
don't know if he wants it out or
whatever but like he basically had a
tweet he got a lot of backlash from the
community because he was like all these
Eastside comics that used to shit on the
Comedy Store for a lack of quote-unquote
diversity they're the same people
he's an Eastside guy he goes as one I'm
saying these are the same guys that get
you know that pay no mind to the fact
that we're living in the gentrified used
to be Mexican neighborhood and our
audiences are all fuckin white dudes
with beards that look the same and he
got a lot of shit but I was like yeah
fuck I hit him up and I was like yeah
you're right though like this old idea
that the store used to be a it's just a
bro bro hangout and it's all there is
it's like to that line there's so many
different kinds of people on that line
up way more than you see we don't go to
other say that of the people that can't
work there so yeah
that's jealousy yeah it's 100% automatic
yeah I mean there's people to think that
maybe there's a style that you see at
the Comedy Store that they don't
appreciate that's okay but the Styles it
varies so much from Jelinek to D'Elia to
you to Hinchcliffe to Diaz
I mean to Owen Smith Sklar brother
you're talking about people that this is
all over the fucking map it's all over
the map yeah you know I mean like I
think that's that's why the I love the
tweets yeah or Aly makovski or this
there's so many different sort of styles
of comedy out of that place now right
you can't say it's it's all Bros that's
nonsense but that's good calm that was
the old way which I'm glad he was being
he was like no the the these people are
just like free thinking pushing out new
weird fucked-up sometimes challenging
shit because the store supports it like
that that's all it is it's like now we
finally have a place where it's like you
could say it there doesn't if you know
there's no freedom and suppressing
people's ability to express themselves
you just create an environment where
everybody's scared to be themselves or
everybody's scared to take chances right
if you're scared to take chances you
look if you don't push the boundaries
you don't find out where they are
you you you create your own boundaries
like you when you're doing material and
you're trying to come up with a bait
sometimes a bit in the beginning it's
highly offensive but then you turn it
into something that's everybody accepts
and it's great right this was the real
argument for louis c.k when Louie CK had
a recording of his leaked and there was
a bit where he was talking about these
kids were survivors of school shootings
you say you're not interesting just
because you push some fat kid in the way
like like in your laughing see he got a
lot of shit for that we're saying it
like it's cruel and other comics said it
was hacked
and there's like first of all he had
done comedy in 10 months second of all
you know how Comedy Works that was a
seed plant
he wasn't delivering fucking origami
plant or was what's those called the
little small ones what a perfectly
trimmed bonsai I'm like Oregon yeah
perfectly trimmed bonsai tree that they
sell on the side of the road yeah this
was a this is a seed right like that
could have been an incredible bit
because it's already kind of funny that
like you know that these people that are
on television all the time of the
survivors of a school shooting and that
they might just be survivors they don't
necessarily have to be interesting now
he didn't in his defense have any time
to prepare he had ten months of no
stand-up then he just does stand-up and
get some laughs off this premise that
premise in six months could have been a
fucking nuclear bomb right that exposed
he would have figured out a way to
expose how goofy it is that just because
someone survives a massacre we want to
parade them on CNN every couple weeks
and Lloyd asked their opinion about gun
control and about various things like
he's right well yeah look someone's
gonna have a fucking great bit about
Greta Thornburg it's the same thing
you've got some sixteen-year-old kid
that's you know it's she seems weird to
begin with and then she's on TV going
how dare you and you're like what is
this and then you keep seeing her over
and over and over it who's putting her
on TV over and over and over again you
fucking people are like what are you
doing in a lot of ways it's kind of say
like why is she interesting because
she's 16 and dealing with climate change
as opposed to him who's 29 or her who
was 50 or him who is 82 like what are we
talking about just get some random
person who wants to say how dare you
about climate change yeah and they're
gonna they're gonna stop going to school
so someone does something about it
they're on strike like what is this
really what's on the news this is a ploy
for her to get out of going to school
she's like I don't like school they're
like you don't have to if you could sail
around the world and I just think the
whole that whole thing about they find
what works for them categorically cuz
she's a good look yeah and they're like
pusher pusher pusher see that that's why
like when you go back to Louie's bed
about the school shootings like yes it's
gross to make fun of someone who
survived a school shooting but
that's what he does he tells jokes in
the moment you know that he's saying
something that's awful that you're not
supposed to say so you laugh not how he
really feels so for you and comics to
pretend that that's how he really feels
like that's fucking disgusting what
you're doing yeah they know you not only
do you know you're being deceptive or
you really don't understand comedy in
which case you should stop right just
stop doing it is you don't understand it
like and you'd also don't understand the
process or you're at least like I bet if
you asked him like is that ready for
Netflix released you'd be like no no
wait done call me in 10 months I was
hoping that bit would come into
something these are notes he's going off
of right you know shit down he had some
ideas trying it out it finally gets on
stage to fuck around within someone he
records it and puts it on YouTube well
he's apparently I haven't seen him but
from the grapevine I've heard that he's
touring he's murder his new hours
murderers I'm curious to know what or
what platformer where he's gonna go with
it right he's got to be independent I'm
sure right because people are too afraid
and I he's recording very soon oh he is
yeah yeah maybe I know some yeah oh yeah
I want to see it I want to see it before
he records it but listen I mean we could
talk about him see you're blue in the
face right and I think you know leave
the guy alone I don't know what happened
those nights I know he has a very
different story than the story that's
been depicted in the media and I know he
definitely did some stupid shit you
shouldn't do sure but he didn't block
any doors he didn't tell anybody they
have to do it didn't try to scare
anybody he asked if he could jerk-off
him something front of people is it
gross under present he would say so yeah
I mean he has jokes about it
right you know and did he apologize some
people don't think he apologized enough
but I don't even think I don't think we
know the whole story
well that's the thing is I don't know we
don't we really don't were in the we're
so in the dark about what really
happened it's like we have an idea that
we think would happen but no one really
knows he hit the perfect moment on the
wave oh my god he had the perfect moment
on me to wave let me do Harvey Weinstein
was like a fucking hurricane force wind
behind his back he's outed fuck it was
okay well like the the North Shore of
hawaii's are gonna catch one now too
biggest fucking me to wave just swallows
him whole it would have been a gross
thing anywhere else in history sure but
at that moment I mean she shot it down
there was a moment where he went on
stage it's gank fest and the audience
went crazy
I saw cheered and went crazy and I
either retweeted or liked it and someone
went fuck you he sexually assaulted
women like no he didn't no he no one
ever said he did that also definitely
didn't do that he asked if he could jerk
off and he did do you think he shouldn't
have done that yes I agree he shouldn't
have done that but he did that right and
then that's it
that's what he did yeah that's what he
did if you think that's gross yes that
but that's what he did there's other
allegations that disturb people that
maybe someone from his management did
something to stifle the career of
someone else that I got fucked up if
that's true yeah no if that's true
here's the biggest problem again dozen
of us no I I don't know either
I don't know that that's the truth I'd
like to find that part out that right
but he doesn't it's not he's I don't
know if that was because of him I don't
know if the management did it without
his knowledge I don't know if it never
happened at all I don't know if it's
exaggerated because I know many of the
things that were said about him were
exaggerated again this is non
exonerating him what he did was gross he
thinks what he did was gross but it's
like what do you want you want him to
never tell jokes again he's one of the
best comedians of all time really
knowledge is that what he did was wrong
like at what point in time do we forgive
people what point in time do we say
someone was doing something fucked up
and now they paid this tremendous price
emotionally psychologically when you let
him out of jail yeah what's the time
what's the right amount of jail let him
out free loo-loo free lift um it's uh
it's a strange time for people with with
accusations and being mean and in a gang
on people on line and bullying and yeah
and and activism and chaos like there's
so much noise it's a it's so much of us
interacting with each other
simultaneously - it's so hard to have
peace these days yeah on the stage on
stage it's my that's like the only way I
get away from all the bullshit yeah
especially cuz we're embedded in the
Internet that's the hardest part it is
always part right now we're doing - Adam
Curry about it yesterday
you know we're talking about just
outrage and he's like you just really
can't be in that all the time you can't
subject yourself because there's always
something to argue about you'll never
run out of topics now you're fucked all
you have to do is have a few topics that
you like to argue about let's just say
your person Pro first Pro First
Amendment pro-second amendment
pro-choice pro-gay rights Pro trans
rights pro civil rights don't you you
just take those those things that you
you feel very passionately about and
then just put those hashtags online on
Twitter and then go look for
conversations and go to war right that's
what you do yeah you can do it or you
could do it all day you go to war about
the Second Amendment all day you go all
day argue with gun nuts and people hate
guns you can take both sides you could
have two different accounts you gonna
have one account where you're like some
fucking hillbilly who thinks everybody
should have 80 guns or you go to jail or
we need to trust our government and
throw all the guns in a fire yeah you
know use them to make a statue with a
giant penis like we could do we could
literally argue all day long about
immigrant rights about whether or not
they should detain them at the border
you could be involved in that all day
long I mean you knew it would you would
never have a moment to sleep no if you
just engage with everybody who engage
with you you'd never have a moment to
sleep people do it that's what's crazy
people spend endless amounts of time on
it that's why I try to check out Twitter
you know it's like all those things
Facebook I deleted I just I just get all
I want to use those things for us to
promote what I'm doing tour wise like
hey come see me and also make a couple
of fucking fart jokes once in awhile
like it's worthless that's it I want to
make some dumb jokes and then be like
come see me live and I just can't I've
stopped years ago engaging when people
are like this is like never I don't want
to get into I just don't I don't deal
with anymore
well the sheer number of people out
there that are bored yeah in their
cubicle somewhere trying to get a rise
out of you yeah well it's all because uh
you know they it's nice to be and you
know what I think they compared it to
it's like when they start flirting or
dating somebody it's the same kind of
engagement you get excited for the next
piece of engagement right
have you said something back then like
oh shit I got him on the hook yeah it's
coming it's it's trolling has become a
new thing of like PCP it's it's constant
engagement it's the same kind of feeling
you get when you start talking to it
someone you know that you're interested
in you're like holy fuck and they're
talking to me back and they you get this
this tennis match of like an emotion so
it becomes this heightened thing in your
world now it's like a new thing to have
you're like a big red snapper in
Clearwater come on fuck take a bite you
fucker here did you see Oprah fall down
yes and it's honestly she's a little old
to be falling down he's fine he's dead
she died yes all right
dingdong the witch is dead no she did
she died you little fuck he ever fucked
no she didn't no she's fine I just think
like it looks like she got hurt it's
nice to see billionaires fall oh how
about that that's weird
it's nice to see somebody hit no it
humanizes her she is such a figure of
perfection women should learn do those
fucking shiny bottom shoes then bitch is
a useless things they're so slippery
those those really expensive shoes the
gals like you always have the shiny
bottoms yeah here she is walking and I
believe she's talking about balance
which is lol
the irony is staggering so flat ground
oh let's see how she recovers she says
new shoes well you know what I gotta say
I like how she framed with her elbow and
then did a roll she absorbed a lot of
energy and a roll good technique oh not
bad what's this here we go that frame a
little bit on the left hip that shit's
probably sore but one thing you gotta
say about Oprah she works out a lot and
she has she's got muscles she went and
ran a marathon recently thanks to the
marathon in six hours which is not the
best time if she still ran 26 fucking
miles in a day don't you think it's nice
to see people fall it's humbling to
watch someone
I just think that's did she really
that's an hour faster than Bert
Kreischer ran it four and a-five 429 how
fast is that like a mile 10:17 that's
really good mhm
that's a good clip wait a minute she's
doing better than you bitch no way right
imagine you and Oprah in a race she's
doing she dusts you ten minute miles yes
26 of them bitch so that's what six
miles an hour about whoo yeah let me
tell you something scared let me tell
you something a little nervous right I
went to 94 them that was a 94 years old
oh no she ran one recently though yeah I
just typed in okay that's very good
though when she was 40 which makes me
cry on speed back then yeah and steroids
no I just it's it's humbling to watch
someone so beloved take a little stupid
spill it's just kind of like yeah that's
the balance of universe well she's
perfect to everybody mmm it's nice to
watch perfect people fall a little bit
that's fun that understand it makes she
she's a part of the people now
especially if she's like new shoes you
know how this goes it's fun you know
yeah well it's slippery shoes man that's
not what it was what yes it is she's
getting older that was I'm getting older
fall Oh watch it again that was like I'm
lost my balance from I'm just getting
older but it's so stupid shoes I can't
find our recent one there you go she
didn't really mean anything soon the
story has gone on around recently but I
swore there was one that they were
referencing a year before like she ran
it for a late birthday she ran one of
the marathons for like her fifties
something.if birthday 60th she's in her
sixties right I feel like her 60th
birthday or something like that she
would never run a marathon though never
you'll never catch me it's almost scary
no I left run i run i run almost every
day but i'm never gonna run a marathon
why because i don't need to it's an
insane amount of distance out of nowhere
like someone's grilling it i can eat how
about this how about there's it it died
I mean yes right to the point how about
this campaigns runs one a day yeah cam
come on does I know but it's like enough
we get it no that's too much it's too
much you just his knees are gonna
fucking fall off
is body great right now they're gonna
fall all over than you it looks good
send me your knees camp send me your
cartilage or your lack thereof no wonder
if I tried a lot the inside of your
knees gets accustomed to it like it gets
a callus in there well no like it
strengthens no cartilage shoes wears
away at some point it's just not made to
do that that's true look it up baby
cartilage is gone
how do those fucking 100 marathon people
those dudes who write run those ultra
marathons how do they do it year after
year after year because they can't do it
their whole life you do it for a chunk
of time until your knees your kitchen if
it's just like if you if you're just a
bitch it gets the point where your knees
a shot but if you keep going you push
through it needs one to fixing
themselves like just break you know you
legs callus over well it's like there's
a there's a campaign for a great cyclist
called shut up legs if you look up shut
up legs it's like a whole thing about it
people worry about running ruins knees
but a new study finds the activity may
in fact benefit the joint changing the
biomechanical environment inside the
knee in ways that could help keep that
could keep it work smooth working
smoothly may vary less weight is known
to reduce risk for knee arthritis come
on Ronny may be good for your knees
that's the New York Times you dummy you
know jack shit okay failing the failing
New York Times shot your mouth fail York
Times lyin Ted crazy Ted many people
worry about right knees no studies my
decades are running okay but there's a
little Evan support the idea and a
growing body of research suggests
reverse oh this is clickbait New York
Times got us Abadie on epi
epidemiological studies of long-term
runners show that they made that they
generally are less likely to develop
osteoarthritis in the knees than people
the same age who do not run sometimes
scientists have speculated that running
running may protect knees because it is
often associated with relatively low
body mass carrying less weight is known
to reduce the risk of knee arthritis
it's yeah it's a little of instead of
ruins your knees but it also says some
scientists have speculated running so
these there's no evidence there's no
evidence in proof they're just saying
this is also possible go back up to
where it was
oh the widespread argument generally
follows the lines that running will
slowly wear away the cartilage that
cushions the bones in the joints and
Kozma thrives for this little evidence
support the idea that makes sense okay
okay so what I was saying I was
incorrect
I was just tried to jump paragraphs I
missed the context of it well that makes
sense like these fucking guys that I
know this is what I'm saying these guys
that I know that run all the time
they have good knees and you would think
they didn't these volunteers stop stop
go back these volunteers visit a clinic
where they had blood drawn from an arm
the researchers also siphoned off a
small amount of synovial fluid a
lubricating fluid that reduces friction
inside joints from their right knee
healthy knees contain only what does
that work soupcon of this stuff I don't
even know what that word is otherwise
unhealthy knees tend to contain much
more interesting all right well my knees
are gonna be good mmm
I just thought you know this is all
speculative - there's not enough
research supporting it - nose well it
makes sense though that your muscles
would be stronger and then that would
probably support your knee better than a
person who doesn't exercise oh but that
cartilage wears out either way anybody
you know that's a great athlete they
always said that I need that knee
cartilage wears from so much wear
interest which is like jumping a lot
like yeah that's different like that's
explosive plyometric type movements it's
not running like running is just running
yeah but it also depends on what you're
running on - there's a difference -
you're running it's like going left
going right and it's cutting and
exploding right left you know I can move
that you would do on the court right you
know and then if you're running on a
trail where it's got some dirt you get a
little cushion yeah there's something
there there's some absorption there this
is from 2017 this one is more updated
off of a new myth toppling a new study
that says that middle-aged runners do
actually rebuild the health of their
knees see what did I tell you we'll see
a myth toppling new study of novice
middle-aged runners suggests the answer
is a qualified yeah what is the question
again scroll up could it be that
marathon training and racing are
actually good for our knees maybe a new
study you son of a bitch novice
middle-aged runner suggests the answer
is a qualified yes the study finds that
taking up distance running rebuilt the
health of
certain essential components of
middle-aged knees even if the joint
starts off somewhat tattered and worn
when I tell you bitch show me the
studies but the results also contain a
caution marathon mileage could erode one
vulnerable area within the knees the
study finds if runners are not careful
we will want to talk about that because
this was about what does that vulnerable
part that's I'm saying that's what they
do that they bury it stop there was a
one area it's in the study we'll just
scroll down I'm sure it'll tell us but
what is it saying what part of the knee
focused on running activity harms knees
do you do scroll down suppose the
question is mm-hmm
is that the end of it no why do they do
that would they break things up I can't
stand that shit you have one free
article remaining what is the problem
with the injury what is okay okay let's
find the one I would imagine cartilage
is the big issue and meniscus when
meniscus goes if it gets blown then
you're done yeah look if you twist your
knee and you cut your meniscus have you
run a marathon no see you're giving me
shit about I wouldn't now you wouldn't
do it either I wouldn't do a half either
I'm not doing it I don't want to run
with all the people very specific spot
it says the improvement to the damage
subchondral bone of the tibial and
femoral condyle eyes it makes perfect
sense following the marathon at Novus
runners and patellar cartilage mm-hmm
that's the bad part that's what it does
bad worsening of the patellar cartilage
hmm that makes sense it breaks it down
yeah but can you fix that yet I mean
they forgive you they'll give you those
yea stem cells are well I know that they
do micro fractures and shit like they do
all kinds of different things to people
to try to heal the cartilage in their
knees right yeah run I just realize how
privileged running is that was like I
just get to run sometimes during the day
yeah just so you don't get so fat from
eating all the food you want
that's what's crazy the frivolity our
problem in America is eating too much
food yeah it's we have way too much
access where it's we're spoiled with it
yeah but I just realized that that a
time of my day I get to go I can run to
the gym and then run home and that's
like a nice day I get to have nice lucky
dude nice no I wouldn't you know I
wouldn't run a marathon because uh I
don't like the people that do that's
genuinely it you see all the people that
get it the thing the culture I don't
want to be a part of it no thanks ring
in the fucking bells and shouldn't
taking them well I don't want to do any
of that stuff now but like Tibetan monk
chance yeah that's dope on your phone
and just listen to that as you run for
hours I would do bursts I would go run
in the middle of nowhere before I'd ever
run in an actual marathon planned thing
okay so you would run the 26 miles like
maybe you're on a track I know it has to
can't be on the track track I've done I
tried track when I first moved to LA I
tried running at UCL likes my buddy got
me a pass to go work out at their gym
and I did attract the abhorred miserable
let me ask you this if you had a track
like a standard University track this is
like how how many feet is that like was
that quarter-mile what's most each lap
is quarter mile quarter mile yeah how
many times you go around I mean I could
go around a hundred times are you paying
me yeah yeah I could do it as many times
you want to pay you had a bet what if
like you and Jamie okay I have to bet
Jamie doesn't run made this three-point
shootout before we get into this race
yeah let's do the three-point shoot and
then we and then when you do that you
don't run yeah yeah but yeah do people
do that though it seems like that would
be like a great bet if these ultra
marathon runners really want to put
their money where their mouth is they
get together on track see how long they
get go let's see who quits first that's
fucked they would never stop they would
never stop you can stop to pee or shit
that's it what's the math cuz I'm dumb
what twenty-six times four well hundred
four if it's a quarter of a mile
he's four of them four of them are a
mile so 104 he'd be pretty close to a
hundred huh you'd have to run 104 times
to run a mile I'm to run a marathon on a
track yeah four laps yeah so wouldn't
answer your question can I run 100 laps
on a track fuck now you were closing in
on a marathon around around 100 times
yeah 104 times is a marathon no way no
fucking way like seven seven
you hit seven and you're like all right
I think I did it I don't wanna loop
around this thing and what look at this
look at this football field again
miserable that's you miserable yeah yeah
you're not even close it's gonna take
another two and a half minutes for you
to get to eight and then you get there
can you run stone yes I can you like
running stone I love it I can't do it
I'll show you do it no cuz I'll get high
with you and I want to hang out and play
school yeah you run high it's great
see I can I can do certain exercises hi
what can you do
stretching yoga type of shit yeah I can
do that stoned out of my mind that's fun
I just can't run because running to me
it's like I need to I need to be in this
mood that I get in when I get in this
little mood and then I start to run it's
perfect it's like a zone that I get into
it when I'm high I will fall right out
of it and I'll start doing thinking
about way other shit people who surf
they say that's the move surfing huh I
like snowboarding hi that's very fun I
like riding on a mountain stoned I can't
believe you don't like skiing so weird
that you don't like going down a
mountain how do you not like it cuz I do
so many things that are already
thrilling other stupid thrilling yes you
ruined my knees that doesn't make sense
that's like saying I don't wanna die I
wrecked this last time because some lady
slid into the trail in front of me and I
almost took her out and I have a small
fracture in my shin bone oh you hit her
no at the ground
oh you smashed smashed hard that's what
it is just trying to go around this late
she she
newb and shoes on this hill just like
oops sorry oops sorry and just slid
right into the trail and there was
people over here and people over here
and I'm like I could plow into this lady
I gotta go down and I try to go around
her and free my legs went out from under
me I hit my head hard like really poor I
hung my head yeah yeah yeah
still got my bell rung but I fucked my
knee up and then the next day I'm in
yoga and when I'm bending down like real
low my oh this doesn't feel good it felt
weird it felt like something's wrong and
then I got a MRI on it there's a small
fracture it's called a insufficiency
fracture it's like right where it's
actually right where I had meniscus cut
out of that knee too so the bones
actually bang into each other because
the Hohmann is cuz there and there's a
crack in the bone on your shin yeah
there's a crack in my shin bone fuck
that it's not a big one it's a small
area it's really not that big a deal and
it was 2 months ago and right right now
I don't even feel it anymore what do
they have to do for what can they do for
it now I got some stem-cell shot in to
that and some PRP and I just took it
easy I didn't do anything pounding PRP
is platelet-rich plasma right so they
spin your blood right and put it back in
yep yeah fascinated by that just good
stuff yeah there's so many different
methods now to accelerate healing it's
accentuating Ewing that's a good one
exosomes is what they used I've used
that on a bunch of different things I'm
knees and shoulders and shed sounds
great for the average Joe what is that
what does that cost I don't know I
wonder
it's not cheap no some people can't do
it it's well it should be of like a
normal therapy it should be something
that you go to the doctor and your
insurance covers it and they they do
that to enhance healing it makes a big
impact
I've sent many people to get it my
friend and his wife had a problem with
her hip and they were gonna operate on
her labrum her hip labor mm-hmm they
shot some exosomes in there and then
when they went to do a follow-up
examination the issue was gone like four
months later the issue was gone she just
wasn't old was he wasn't healing itself
man was getting worse they had one
exosome shot into this lady's labrum and
then next thing you know four months
later when they go to look at it like it
looks great she's like I'm not I don't
feel any pain anymore
like it's it stopped hurting her
it healed up trip it's not everything
it's not everything there's a lot of
shit they can't fix there's like when
ligaments blow out you got to get it
repaired you gotta get surgically
repaired there's certain things that
become you know injured where exosomes
or you know war this stuff called
Wharton's jelly which was this new
advanced for mesenchymal stem cells all
these different versions of stem cell
therapy that they use some of them use
bone marrow they go into your bone
marrow extract stem cells from that and
use that for different and reinjected
and different areas or they do some sort
of a treatment to it to make it to
really accentuate the stem cells or
activate them or whatever the fuck they
do some of them do it with fat they suck
your fat out so it's a nice nice little
break fat-ass get in there and get some
lipo I'm gonna turn your life over to
some stem cells and fix all your joints
I don't know there's not enough
understanding of what's the best way to
do these things I'm really lucky that
have a really good doctor that kind of
like is very honest and very I wouldn't
say skeptical or cynical but he's very
pragmatic and very very honest about the
potential both ways whether it could do
nothing or it could wind up being a
waste of time or it might actually work
like there's not enough information on
some of this stuff so you're
experimenting yeah some fucking science
project yeah but you love that shit
works
I'm the polar opposites I'm like figure
it out on Joe then give it to me come
see me see if it breaks on no one loose
well I don't wanna be the first I don't
wanna be the first not the first there's
been thousands and thousands of patients
still seems young to me don't know and
then some people do have peer-reviewed
studies on the benefits of some of these
things particularly people with dr. Neil
Reardon has treated people with certain
neurological issues they've they've
helped them with stem cells with like
CTE temperature stem cells literally
injected straight in your fucking head
and stem cells are injected
intravenously first for some certain
issues that people have yeah to try to
fix your fucking brain Aubrey de Grey
who's a life extension specialist was on
my podcast last week yeah and he thinks
that that's the future of regenerative
medicine is that there
advancements and stem-cell therapy and
medical technologies that they're
eventually going to hit some point where
they can sort of treat aging like it's a
disease instead of like it's an
inevitability and treating it like it's
a disease and actually reverse the
process holy fuck
no thanks you gonna look like you're 12
years old you're gonna go 30 when I was
12 you're gonna fuck it up you're gonna
go so far you gonna turn to a little kid
and your wife's Go Go I just I missed
the old Santino my friends I'm gonna
fuck you 13 times imagine if we get we
fuck up and you do stem-cell therapy but
it goes too far and you're like Benjamin
buttons here's the other way all look
like kids you go back to a kid you fuck
up like imagine if they fucked it up
imagine if like they go okay we've never
seen this before Andrew um how tall you
how tall are you like six six months and
something like six month I've elected to
because I think at the very least like
the worst thing is you'll get to go 14
15 16 17 18 19 again good to do it all
over again it's like you're a 14 year
old with all the knowledge and I don't
think you're gonna get any younger
you're like what do you mean you don't
think you know we don't know yet we're
not sure and then you come back in four
months later and you're smaller still
I'm nine now you're nine years old
you're losing like a year every six
months I'm nine I'm holding in my poop
my anxiety is at a high I'm not imagine
if they can reverse the aging process
what if they fuck it up and turn you
into a baby and you got all this money
and they're like just signing over your
will when your to your face like he
can't understand what signing a girl I'm
too but I'm 50 - you got the pen and
everything you're ready to write shit
down mr. baby mr. baby the family's like
there's no fucking way you cannot let
him sign this
he's to see nobody's but he can't talk
and his arms are all flailing around it
baby you have to sign everything off by
the time you can't talk anymore cuz it's
gonna get to a point in time we're just
gonna make goo-goo noises like trapped a
55 year old man trapped in the baby do
you die then day you just crawl right
back at your mom's pussy that's she's
gotta be around he's gotta be around to
see baby - how's this work they gonna
just put her on the same program
bring her back some time she's 20 okay
great climb right back in it was a
reverse button you said like use it at
the right time by the time you're 80
just go get down to the time you're six
and then hit it again yeah yeah go back
to just live forever I don't want to
live forever but like just double
instead of going on and then yeah but
then you'd go Brett I wouldn't do it one
more time be imagine being imagine me in
10 years old today like if you just had
to go back to school at 10 and kids be
trying to bully you and say stupid shit
do you imagine what you would do to
those kids murder
well I wouldn't beat him up but I just
just talking to them oh you could suck
good mind fuck intellectually just try
to be mean to you yeah like all Bobby
you try and be meaning me Bobby yeah
what's the matter Bob I know about you I
know about your father's addiction and
the fact that your mom's with the
neighbor wait what there's a great
there's a great scene there's a
phenomenal seen in the show called pen15
these girls are like my age but they
play teenagers on the show right it's
cool it's great it's really funny but
there was a funny scene when she gets
pep talk into talking shit during a
fight and and she's like her friends
that call him an aardvark dick and he's
like okay what else she's like just use
any ammunition you have against him
right and he's bullying the girl and
she's like whatever aardvark dick and
everyone's laughing and then she goes
yeah and that's why your dad died and
everyone's like oh shit that's me it's
such a good seed and she's she thinks
she's like fucking like everyone's
cheering her on she says dad died starts
crying yeah if you had if you had the
intellectual capacity to just shut down
like I mean it's it's you emotionally
break word - oh you break it like when
I'm around little girls like my daughter
and her friends and they're all like
talking about shit like sometimes like
they have a birthday party and so does
like 1012 kids at the house they're all
talking shit to each other right
and you get to just hover and listen
it's like the thing and they're talking
about like some boy at school who's
always a boy
yeah so some door picks his Bowie tears
and he's so he's always trying to be
funny so mean you know and one of them
really like how old is she again 11 yeah
that's yeah that's that's that's that's
the that's the age when the boys are
starting to show the signs of being a
lot yeah this is the government we're
just gonna let you know that the
neighborhood's gonna be changing
radically over there a couple years
would you suggest you be careful things
are moving their newfound powers yeah
boners boners are coming boners are on
the way the flight of the boners you
prepare for your boner I mean no one
even tells you what's going on all
sudden you've got a hard-on like what is
happening but that day on the bus when
you get a boner on the bus holy shit
this is your day up my friend John
Dudley calls them bumpy road boners
bumpy boners you're probably you know
what it is it's probably the pressure on
your prostates activating your dick to
get fucking used to end it and also
you're on the way home and you're you
might catch a glimpse of you know
Natalie who's got the tits already who's
too young start to get hard as shit you
miss your stop one girl who's 13 with
giant double D's that was my dad like
she was stacked when we were kids what
happens there I used to I used to miss a
bus stop seriously sometimes I'd miss a
stop before my day if I had a hard-on
and I kids afraid to get off the bus
with a boner even though you tuck it up
you know you tuck it up in your pants
and I was always afraid so I'd miss a
stop or two sometimes if I get a hard-on
the way home Wow I'd be so nervous as a
walk home fuck that yeah I'd rather
lasted you talk yourself out of it I'd
have a friend slap me and if I start
fighting with a friend yeah if you start
fighting with another dude friend did
your dick goes right into your body it
doesn't well then you get a whole nother
thing going on then you get a new thing
yeah I got a new thing now yeah I mean
imagine if you had to go through that
all again though and didn't know
anything like that's if the torture I've
seen like I mean I only understand boys
like because I've never been a girl but
the going through like being 10 11 12
going through school all the social
things not knowing shit yeah you're a
boy yeah it's so confusing like it sucks
once you finally become a
and you don't have to do that anymore
you can just be at peace and your own
scans like Oh imagine going through all
that stuff again no I had no hiding
jerking off to like like like you're
like a fucking you look at me like you
didn't you don't know what you're doing
the bathroom for 20 minutes in a
magazine you're a little ninja jerky or
a jerk-off ninja no and now I kind of
hope my neighbors see me you know it's
kind of part of the part of the allure I
jerk off in my living room sometimes to
do hope and they walk by walking their
dog wave holiday if they see you jerking
off in your house I think you can get in
real big trouble I think a guy got in
trouble jerking off in his house with
the windows up shut up your private he's
pretty property no no no I think because
you could see into this guy's house and
he was beating off they why cuz there
was kids or something like that remember
what the story was but it was a big deal
or people like hey the guy's just
jerking off inside his own house like
what is the big goddamn deal yeah I had
the door open for the front door letting
in the breeze of course there is yeah I
bet people go to hotels and then they
open up the door and they stuff a wedge
on the door and start fucking and then
let everybody walk by a watch yeah leave
the door open that's that's Vegas
especially before cellphones all these
fucking goddamn tattletale cellphones
dirty cameras back then people just I
probably I bet that was a common thing
just fucking with the door open yeah I'm
like Hells Angels they all took over a
hotel sacher
wow those guys fuck with that door they
fucked in the street and for they fucked
at the bar and buy that voyeuristic
thing never was like a thing from a know
some people like fucking in public cause
I think it's hot to maybe get caught
never never got me it was always like my
I don't fucking why do I want to know
that someone's watching me that's creepy
if you get arrested you get weird
charges too like if you fuck someone in
public in some places they'll hit you
with like a sex offender charge yeah
because it's exposure yeah dude I had to
fight that in college I had urinating in
public I had to fight a public exposure
charge yeah that's a real problem
because that's a piss and goddamn thing
that every man understands and that's a
little game they're playing yeah I was a
dirty game you
caught a guy taking a leak and you're
saying that's public exposure look he
shouldn't be taking a leak outside maybe
but everybody's done it
had to piss yeah when guys have to piss
and there's not no one around they piss
in alleys anyone doing that since the
beginning of time right so for some
fucking guy to pretend that that's is
like robbing a house or trying to kidnap
a kid right
like that's not a sex offender no that's
a guy that a P yeah but I had to be in a
room in a in one of those rooms with
people that did expose himself and I was
like nothing like these dudes man I'm
nothing like these fucking guys I was
pissing outside near a bar walking if
you pissed your pants I should have
kissed your pants they can't say shit
right I know it's not at least you
pissed your pants in public though yeah
but I have my pants on yeah but still
you know have you seen these in Europe
they've talked about bringing them some
places in America I think but they you
stand in there and jerk off I know they
have opened urinals it's like in the
middle of the street all those dudes
jerking off in there for sure people get
drunk I bet that smells like fish
someone's pooped in one of those for
your face the wrong way and err urinals
caused uproar in patty's what would they
rather have people just piss look at
that guy he's got his hog here's the
difference though otherwise they're
asking all these coffee shops can I use
the bathroom and people like no bathroom
no bud well let him go pee then and the
thing I feel like those would fill up
quick San Francisco San Francisco has
these but they're closed they're
enclosed San Francisco they've ruined
that place they're in close they've
fucked up they fucked up they've ruined
that place by allowing people just shit
in the streets and not do anything I
don't know what you can do about it but
they should have taken steps to make
sure it never got this bad meanwhile
it's there's the it's the highest
concentration of billionaires on earth I
think that's what someone said maybe
they don't live right there
in Rome they work right there it's the
highest contrition live in that area yes
yeah yeah they live in like Atherton the
big spot out there what's the what's the
one what's in the senator City not
Russian Hill no that's not what it's
called Mission Hill elephants something
I don't know you if you look it up but
it's um the driver was telling me we
were there he was like no man more
billionaires live in this you know
quarter-mile radius than anywhere in the
world
this is Marin County that's a lot of
really rich yeah but this is in the city
that's in an actual city of San
Francisco it's just the
everywhere yeah lots of pool so many
people would take pictures of people poo
in there Oh I mean I saw I saw that
happens in LA - I was on Fairfax I saw a
woman pooping on at a bus stop
yeah did I take a photo I did I did
oh so fucking sad yeah there's nothing
there's nothing you can do about it
San Francisco they're fucking they're
drowning so far gone yeah it's the city
it's filled with tents and it's so crazy
I know just hand it back over to the
homeless i remember what that's the
human poo man it's just full oh my god
where's the map that's where they found
poo look at that though dude that's the
real there's a park up there in the
corner and that has the least amount of
poo in it look at this San Francisco
there must be a high spot problem
plotted on foul map the city itself is
in trouble
see this is how medieval diseases get re
they resurface they come back up yeah
because it gets in the rivers and the
drinking water that's how people got
diseases back in the day in roams
because a bad sewage either were pooping
in a place they were drinking and eating
from oh this is so bad yeah in the
streets well isn't that the Ganges don't
they have too isn't it filled with feces
and dead bodies and stuff and they drink
and bathe in it
that's mind-bending to me but then San
Francisco with all these rich people has
this giant homeless shitting problem
yeah a billionaire and then two blocks
away is a guy pooping goddamn what could
they do
I mean they did something in New York
City right they did some strong-armed
type shit and they reduced the amount of
homelessness in New York City they
cleaned up Manhattan it's like sparkling
clean now it now it looks like it's like
a Six Flags like Manhattan has become
this like very pristine nice safe clean
it definitely could have gone off the
rails in Manhattan that they did but
they did it right somehow I don't know
what did they do
I don't know I mean I think that was
also the implementation of like they
doubled their police force they started
busting people for everything people got
you know scared of doing anything
illegal in the city well we're real
close to someone saying enough is enough
and you get some some dude who comes in
is gonna have some hardline Giuliani
type
right attack on the homeless problem in
downtown in LA because la is up to
70,000 plus people homeless wow that's
crazy that's actually Boulder Colorado
Boulder of home just all the people in
Boulder but homeless and they're
concentrated mostly downtown and buy in
like Venice right and then where the
most of them are Boulder might be a
hundred thousand
I think Boulder I mean might be
underestimate the amount of people in
polder how many people you think live in
Boulder Colorado 100 sounds low Boulder
pretty big really the school is there
and the school alone has got to be 70 K
what 7 all right yeah but that schools
got to take up the high majority that
population isn't that school massive
that schools fucking huge mean fifty
sixty thousand kids that's the most for
like any school really like Ohio State
or Texas is like fifty sixty yeah but
isn't boulder beach towns are strange
right yeah young people and the old
people who like staying near the
university to people you should complain
when I was in Arizona State people would
bitch constantly about our own house
parties like what are you fucking think
this schools been around since 1896 yeah
and they used to be in those parties
these are far yes so stop so either
fucking come over and get high with us
or move let's move
you gotta move - it's not my the
school's been there when somebody moves
to a school area and they complain it
yeah well you know you know what they
did about Westwood UCLA that whole thing
is fucked up
that's why there's no college town there
because those community organizers
basically made it almost impossible for
young and new businesses to open up that
would be supportive of like bars or
restaurant culture they keep shutting it
down because these old rich people in
Westwood don't want that there they want
it to be a neighborhood they fight UCLA
tooth and nail to make sure that it's
like no make the kids go fuckin live in
Culver City or something it's bull it's
bullshit it's bullshit yeah that's why I
wouldn't move to a place where a college
is I wouldn't move a block from a
fucking major university how about that
when I was in Boulder I was driving down
the street and I saw a returnee house
and I said imagine Zac Efron movie you
live right next door to these fucks like
that that's like a Zac Efron yeah Seth
Rogen movie yeah what does it call it
neighbors from someone yeah yeah but do
you know better that's what I mean you
know where you're moving you know where
you move if you move next to a major
school it's your fault
whatever it's really cheap to live next
to the fridge of course it is what do
you mean it's got good out of house yeah
that
is there anything that fucks with your
real-estate value more than a fraternity
sorority it's like I bet they're loud
but they're probably not gonna be
lighting anything on fire
no because they go to the guy's house
they go to the frat to fuck shit up well
also the dudes are the ones that the
problems in terms of like violence and
explosions and in chaos yeah drunk men
yeah way scarier than drunk women all
right drop I'll just cry they scream
they tell bitches they're gonna cut them
they might pull hair and punch each
other but it's nothing there's not bombs
going on man of shooting guns and
lighting cars on fire and they're doing
dumb things drunk man or fucking danger
but that's what you're supposed to do
when you're that age
where's you're supposed to do dumb shit
we just first start getting drunk and
you're also supposed to realize how dumb
it is that you're living in the house
with these fucking savage men I gotta
grow up and then by the time those three
years or four years are done and you're
out you're like enough I'm gonna be a
different person turn over here I'm
gonna live a long but it'd be a venture
capitalist I'm gonna do I'm gonna be an
angel investor and put two of those guys
two of those guys still want to keep
that party they just can't school for a
hundred years yeah how long seven seven
years and he never graduated I don't
know if he did or not did you have a
degree I guarantee you he bribed
somebody you know it's got to be in
hotel management if yeah if he has one I
bet you that's what imagine if he did
spend all those years on school tuition
what a waste so much but isn't isn't his
parents he comes from money right he'd
what what is top partier I swear to God
in my life
I did not know that but I just knew it
in my bones I knew it in my bones
I had friends that did that they went
for one buddy did agriculture
yeah but Agriculture's real we need food
he had nothing to do with it it was just
a thing to do to cuz he didn't know what
the fuck's so funny how much did that
cost to get a degree in hospitality that
he'll never use what do you got to say
how many how much a year is FSU look
he's had he's got an amazing career in
stand-up comedy and I'm sure his
experiences in the university probably
did something to enhance his perspective
that would help him on stage and stand
well they made a fuckin movie out of it
I mean ya know as the story was but was
they borrowed it
yeah they twisted it but it was all
based on Bert Kreischer totally Van
Wilder movie that was in each time Bert
Kreischer yes there's an English major
for six years I can't speak no English
yeah he looks he looks exactly like what
I fifth Florida was a person and me
Berta was a human embodiment a fucking
Bert Kreischer yeah with like a weird
hat on yeah yeah well no shirt no shirt
baseball hat not even a baseball hat you
know like one of them weird fedoras kind
of like Fedora no shirt and flip that's
Florida's flip-flops ever he gave me a
pair of his own flip-flops he's got a
company that makes flip-flops now Berta
does what are the what do they call
birdies
that's insane Bert Bert investing in a
flip-flop company is now and it's a
company that pre-existed and then he
bought into it or he started it
so it says Bert Kreischer free waters
free water that's the company I guess
they're a very solid flip-flop though
thumbs up yeah yeah if you're into
flip-flops these are great I wear
flip-flops once a year just when I go to
Hawaii
I I don't really wear flip-flops I don't
I don't like the toe divider I like
slides you know slides I like slides I
fuck with slides yeah I just can't do
flip I don't like the toe divider weird
weirds me out where to draw the line huh
you
yeah what's better what's better Jamie
you like slides slides yeah a lot of
dudes will rock slides with white socks
yes
and like serious dudes like guys who go
to the gym like muscular young guys yep
the oil slides and socks and they'll go
wandering about comfy if you ever wear
flip-flops and socks and you went out
people would smack you there's a
difference for some reason some guys can
yeah but for some reason slides and
socks is acceptable wearing flip-flops
and socks are not well because then you
do the Ninja Turtle toe you can't do the
socks with the flip-flops cuz then your
toe gets divided and then it looks
really weird but isn't that strange
yeah secure those both ridiculous we're
in slide socks no it makes sense to me
but at least it looks casual right
slides and socks just I mean wear shoes
man just slip my socks and these and go
to the fucking don't go run over there
real fast you can go to the grocery
store with slides on and socks I go to
the bank I won't say nothing nope go to
the bank yeah I do small errands with
slides and socks on well especially a
guy like you you're a successful
comedian you make a good living like
you're not poor it's not like this is
the only pair of shoes you have this is
a choice yeah I've made it obvious
choice pull up in your Mercedes
I don't know no no I don't have a
Mercedes I bought yeah I bought a yeah
I'm giving back to the environment I
bought I have a Yaris I bought a Toyota
Yaris this is not true no yeah that's
true white man with your fucking first
of all slider first regular blue I would
never buy Gucci fucking that's insane I
buy those you know I buy the adidas ones
you can throw in the trash oh is that
why cuz if their fur get fucked up
they're like 20 bucks he just buying his
you're not into the Gucci know you of
all people asking me that you would
never wear Gucci fucking slides I have a
pair of Gucci slippers that my wife
bought me how often you wearing those
warm twice exactly shabanam a couple
years ago they have Tigers on the on the
feet you know this you know this
hypebeast pervert over here he wear it
all the time
whoa you love that bullshit hi he's a
height B's pervert he gets he comes on
he comes on you like to jack off to like
cool high peace
shit you know you do Wow you don't know
the line sir Jordans what does that
guy's name Philip line how'd he said is
it um he's the guy that got in trouble
because they took pictures he took
pictures of his sneakers he didn't get
in trouble but Ferrari got angry at him
because he has a Ferrari and he took
pictures of his sneakers sitting on his
Ferrari so what and Ferrari said that he
they send him like a cease and desist
saying that he's damaging their brand
his car so there was a big controversy
because like hey bought your fucking
three hundred thousand dollar car he
should be able take a picture of his
sneakers in your car or just set it on
fire if he feels like it what the fuck
his it was something about his lifestyle
that the lifestyle I got the notes but
the lifestyle that he promotes is just
his hot girlfriend and him and they're
wearing clothes how do they there's
nothing crazy what do you think buys
Ferraris yeah fuck this is it so yeah
there's that's a dope collar for that is
a beautiful fucking color I've never
seen a green Ferrari threatens to sue do
that as a that makes me want to make a
Ferrari that color that's a dope color
yeah okay tarnish is the reputation of
Ferraris brands and causes Ferrari
further material damage that's his
behavior they'll lose that letter to
plane also says that he was using
Ferraris trademarks for the promotional
purposes of increasing his own brand and
products visibility again the cars
pictured uplines own Ferrari is
essentially claiming that plying is
harnessing its iconic imagery to bolster
his own brand and also denigrate
Ferraris how is it denigrating Ferraris
though like scroll back up it's just a
dope looking colour Ferrari and some
pretty fucking cool sneakers those are
cool I don't understand how that's
denigrating the brand who do they think
is buying fucking Ferraris like did they
have this idea that it's Harvard grads
that are buying Ferraris well some of
them were Harvard I think most people
that buy Ferrari didn't go to Harvard do
me a favor well honestly a full picture
of his green Ferrari before those
pictures have been taken off Instagram
so like oh but you see if you can just
find his
green Ferrari because I know that
motherfucker he's got a green Ferrari he
takes a lot of pictures of it there's no
way that's the only picture of his doped
green you would assume Ferraris brand is
to promote people who are like self-made
money making that's what this guy is
right he's neither said there it is is
that it is that is there any other ones
the photos of it yeah see it's just all
his girlfriend looking hot and him
looking sexy and here's a dope come to
Lambo yeah here's a my gold Lamborghini
dope here's my fucking hilarious it
might be I was at his store they have a
store in Vegas and they had $6,000
crocodile sneakers you didn't know bro I
mostly wear chucks or different converse
really skate shoes wear a lot of a deal
what's the most expensive dumb shit you
bought then what's the dumbest where
you're like I can't believe I bought the
$6,000 crocodile shoes what is it I only
have one of those you got something dude
mmm
nothing stupid though don't wear my pool
case has made our alligator skin that
wasn't that expensive was it a couple
thousand bucks that's pretty expensive
that's handmade
but isn't that relative to pool cues
cases I mean don't ever that's really
good one right nothing too crazy there's
not something in the house that you're
like why the fuck do we buy that that's
called that's an insane amount of money
for no reason the thing that I like that
I spend money on that's kind of
ridiculous is the cars yeah you got a
car yeah you made fun of my car you got
a thousand of them I have one I didn't
make fun of it I just pointed out that
you're rich I'm not rich it's borrow
slides on mine borrowed time driving
around an AMG Mercedes hey first of all
first of all AMG my car costs half as
much as Jaime's outfit why he keeps shit
on Jamie because Jamie doesn't get any
flak for be able to use Jamie's a
billionaire and all the listeners know
it by now Jamie's a multi billionaire
everything Jamie posts online he has
four he has lots of fancy cool new shit
matter my Jordans that's what I see he's
85 I'm a little annoyed
I'm a little annoyed annoyed and jealous
is the real world about those golf shoes
I got two also jealous and annoyed
James Jaime's get some great stacks
James cuts a great it's all love Jamie
it's none of it you still doing a
podcast of Bobby Lee yes me and Robert
Ely and every single week comes out on
Mondays it's called bad friends it's the
most fucking fun thing I've ever done in
my life that's great we talked to each
other for just over an hour about a
myriad of things I set up bits for him
to do we do a bunch of different new fun
stuff every single week it's it's
actually been doing my own podcast is
fun but doing one with him has just been
like you know dude he's the perfect guy
for podcast everybody has our a thing
for him yep nothing for him yep he's got
he's a hard he's so silly he's a fun guy
and you get to know him and you love him
yeah like he's such a sweetheart if you
go to go to this week's episode go to
episode 3 and it's with the shelf who's
the designer we Joe wit this is half of
the stuff we get to we talk shit about
it from our fans well who put that
together the producer you have a
producer that decorates no we just told
them to throw stuff on the walls because
we're like just put up some shit oh my
you put some stuff on the wall that
represents what you like we're gonna
we're gonna it's brand new we just
started the whole thing we haven't done
it yet also you know you need an
American flag behind you that should be
what we all do now go to go to episode
three go to episode three and go to the
very well go to the beginning I think is
this is an episode where I brought a
airsoft gun to the studio Bobby with a
gun is a you know who those glasses are
you reading the script
yeah that's reading sweet sweet nothings
but Bobby got a gun but I mean I gave
Bobby's where it slides him and he well
he always works automation he's wearing
slides go to the very end go to the very
very end real quick there's a the
airsoft gun comes out way later there at
the very end imagine if we all dare that
every podcast we're gonna have an
American flag in the background we're
all decided to do it that way oh here it
is yeah and I shoot a TV people didn't
like people people got freaked out they
thought it was a real gun I think this
is one you had to be there things yeah
no no it's not
no no I'm saying but I brought an
airsoft gun which is a bad break the TV
yeah Bobby Darin issue the TV so I did
it
we're children he run a BB like what's
it shooting its airsoft gun so BB gun
yeah oh so you shot a BB at the TV yeah
like I shoot a gun inside a TV yeah Bob
Bob does that stuff to me only when I'm
with this moron do I do such dumb smoke
cigarettes in there too he started
smoking again yeah not inside we make
him go outside no how long did he quit
for he quit for a while didn't he yeah
he was vaping he was vaping for a long
time but now he's uh
now he's back back on it he's trying to
get off of it he's trying but we'll see
if it actually had well if he's smoking
he's not trying to get off of it no he
wants to stop and get him what's to stop
but you know there's not a weird thing
like if you trying well you could just
stop yeah I mean I smoked for a while
and I quit it was you know but Hong
smoked for a couple years
do you like cigars nope you don't know
cuz it makes me want to smoke like
Burroughs always like what do you mean
you know I want to smoke so I was like
cuz it makes me want to smoke a
cigarette cuz some sometimes I do want a
cigarette used to smoke cigarettes
didn't you yeah I could tell burr loves
the cigars but when every supplement is
drinking that's cuz he doesn't want to
drink anymore that's why he likes
smoking I think he liked him when he was
drinking too though yeah but now more
than ever I think he smokes way more
cigars and he ever did when he was
drinking oh yeah cuz now he's almost
gotten rid of the sauce completely right
I think so yeah he went a whole year
without drinking that's not it's funny
the number though yeah I don't think I
could go a year how long do you think I
could go without crap what do you think
I've done a month I've done a month
when'd you do a month why'd you sober
October with us this year okay do you
maybe you know how much I like drinking
October is my birthday
Oh sweetie and I'm gonna be a come on
it's hard for me it's a thing every year
I know but here's what we do it's
interesting it's a thing but it's so
easy for you because nothing has a grasp
on you alright like that doesn't that
like drinking and smoke a little pot
that it doesn't control you the way that
like
it's a real challenge Bert not drinking
was a written actual check for you I
don't think it's a real challenge well
it's a challenge in that it's something
that you commit to yeah but you but you
do that constantly on your own anyway
you're you're doing it against guys that
don't constantly do it on their own yeah
there's a little bit of that but it's
good for people I think but even for me
just knowing that I have to do something
for a whole month and I think that's one
of the really good things about when we
did that workout challenge yeah then out
six hours a day you realize you can
actually do that yeah that's insane
I've never thought he could do that I've
never even thought about doing that but
when you know that you're competing gets
three other assholes and and you like
let's let's fucking do this bitch
everybody's getting up like all hyped up
and I would get up and I would read them
the fitness tracker results that like
Tom had put in fucking 15 miles
earlier in the day I'm like shit yeah
that's and he's on the East Coast and
I'm the way or you know Ari's doing
something crazy we rides a bike while
he's watching a movie for two hours and
he's got this crazy high school or I'm
like oh no and everybody was doing that
so everybody was checking their app and
then going and doing crazy shit all day
right so by the end of the month we were
literally working out at least three to
four hours every day like hardcore
that's absurd that's absurd I did one
day I did more than seven hours at 80%
of my max heartrate yeah I worked out
all day how much weight are you losing I
was eating everything as you just
constantly did I didn't lose any weight
you're just maintaining it was also
mixing it up so I wasn't going crazy I
was doing cardio and I was also doing
weights and I was doing a bunch of this
thing and I was eating like a wolf yeah
I mean eating like a wolf broke into a
house it was tearing apart the cupboards
it was horrible
I was drinking a lot of soda too like I
was like craving sugar from the actual
soda so I was drinking like a whole
sugary cream soda you know like I did
this elliptical machine for I don't know
how many hours but it was at least five
maybe six hours on this elliptical
machine in one fucking sitting yeah
where there's puddles on the ground I
set off the fire alarm in the room from
my steam
there's a video of it on the ground from
my sweat and setting have you just keep
going see if you watch movies that are
exciting right and I have his TV right
in front of me so I'm watching
I watched the scene in John wick in the
Russian bathhouse where it kills
everybody yeah there was that scene 50
times in a row
well you just kept looping it kept going
back and watching it again because
there's something about that scene where
you pretend that you're John wick or you
pretend you're someone's trying to kill
John wick and you're in the middle of
this whole fucking shootout stab them
cut that guy look out this one and it's
a fucking super intense scene so I would
just watch that scene over and over and
over again and then I'd watch other
movies and I get bored and I'd go back
to that movie again and I watched John
wick to a bunch of times to like but the
hyper violent scenes yeah when you watch
those you feel like you're there like
you're locked in another thing is fights
I would watch fights all day while
you're a bike or elliptical or a stair
mail or something like that you can
watch fights and you know like you like
you start seeing stuff happen and why
are you doing that you the excitement of
the fights carries you through your work
are you listening to you call a fight
sometimes that's fucking why yeah but
it's really that's it doesn't matter
what matters is good fights really what
it like it doesn't help me hear my own
voice is weird but the good fights
anytime it's a crazy chaotic fight yeah
you'll get hyped up and your your mind
will think about that more than you
thinking about the burning in your lungs
or the burning in your legs and like
just the momentum of something exciting
carries you really far it's like music
music music music for me when I go run
it's music that's it that like I've
tried to do on the elliptical when I
watch something I can't do that I just
can't like I gotta have something I do
music or a podcast or an audio book then
I can get it if you know that you're
gonna be on the elliptical for hours
it'd be hard for me to walk I don't know
why but my I don't like watching
something when I'm on them on a machine
that's why that's why again the gym for
me is just a place to lift weights in
between running mm-hmm I can't be in
there and the elliptical the treadmills
they give me nightmares
like these fucking things I just got to
be outside you like running outside yeah
you just can't do it
no I make sense I can't do it yeah I
can't do it yeah it's um I never done a
spin class but people love that shit
nope not gonna do that okay I did the
peloton in a hotel I did peloton once in
a hotel yeah and and my my tush was in
such pain my my undercarriage my my
grundle mine if Ken and my asshole were
in pain I don't think you're supposed to
sit down well I was putting the seat in
my asshole I thought that what you're
supposed to do the whole time I Spit on
it nice no I did I did it I did it I did
the workout and it was a great workout I
will say it was awesome but I don't like
bikes that much I don't like biking that
much I don't yeah it's not for me like
well it's always more exciting to do
something fun like if you can play a
game like if you play basketball you get
your cardio from that oh that's great
that's the best yeah or soccer soccer is
an awesome game for cardio Jesus who has
to be in better cardiovascular shape
than soccer players
they run for 90 minutes straight no way
they have another game tomorrow yes all
right boys rest up you got one in eight
hours I mean those dudes are always
fucking cut and left and cotton right
and stopping oh yeah there are those
guys aren't probably the most like a
high-end cardio shape of all pro
athletes they also pretend to get hurt
worse than anybody in any of that's part
of the thing you know I don't really
love that but it's part of the thing
Ian Edwards are trying to explain it to
me one time I just we're a big part of
the things pretending you got hurt
imagine and imagine a UFC fight if a guy
like walks in flinches and the other
guys I get down in the refs I'm warning
you do to either hit him don't flinch
well that's like uh you know they're
flopping flopping in the NBI flopping is
a weird thing taking doing NBA as well
it's a big thing man it's used to not be
a tit but it used to not be you know
with the ideas that you can get someone
to call a foul and trick the ref and
then yeah yeah men it's when you start
to build up fouls against the other team
they can follow I don't they check the
replay before they ever do anything like
that okay so if a guy flops
you know for sure that he's faking it
why can you penalize him I mean that's
not part of a bitch card big pink card
bitch in soccer you get a yellow card if
you're being a bitch so that's coward
that's even better than pink if you
think can be powerful you can get a
technical in basketball you you can get
a technical foul in basketball so
pretending to be hit technically do it
for that what do they do it for like
yelling or fighting or but or if you're
enticing some bullshit like if the guys
flopping and in the ref knows he's full
of shit and he's trying to entice this
guy he'll give him a tech if they're
John at each other because that's what
usually what happens so in one way it
kind of leads down the same road you end
up getting the refs call out the
bullshit they have to do it in a
different way or they'll hit you with an
unnecessary foul to check you to be like
I know what you're up to you're full of
shit like you know taking a charge means
if you stand still someone's got to run
into you sometimes they'll call it on
you just to be like you're fucking your
you know you're cheating a little bit
you're stepping in the way you're
breaking the rules yeah I don't I don't
know basketball enough to know what's
going on it's like a different the
difference I think between like a fight
and a basketball right go an octagon
referee versa didn't be referee the guys
in the NBA are controlling the game
every game is different there's not
there are rules
but some are easily bendable or
breakable at times depending on what is
actually going on like if you might
allow a travel if a player doesn't
actually get an advantage on that you're
right it took an extra step you don't
want to slow the game down you don't
want to ruin everybody there to get it
it's kind of like it's like intervening
in a fight too much of a ref is coming
in it's like you don't want them you
don't want to really fuck up the rhythm
of this thing because you know it's in
it for the for the players purpose and
the fighters purpose and for the
entertain at some point you're like you
just ruining the fucking thing for every
wasn't there an issue years ago that
referees were being paid by like
gamblers Oh Tim Donaghy there's a whole
like he's booked a lot yet about well he
said he was betting on advantages that
he knew about not necessarily like
making something happen in a different
way I called more sure yeah weren't the
referees though that were accused of
doing certain things got caught he was
refereeing anyone to jail
yeah he got caught he got fucked I mean
this happened this actually happens more
often than not I mean the most famous
betting story is Piero's and baseball
was getting you know that they don't
think he did anything to somehow or
another well he never bet he never bet
on his team's games that was his thing
he bet I thought he did though
I thought someone called bullshit on
that I don't think they ever found it I
don't think they found that he was I
don't think he was betting on his own
why don't you google did Pete Rose ever
bet on his own games but anyway so the
problem was that he bet on baseball
well yeah but with Tim got Tim Donaghy
the the NBA raft they said they were
betting on games and the basically mean
Pete Rose yeah he said the only bet on
this team to win he never bet against
them right he bet on other games and
then only bet on them to get a W well
man am I wrong and thinking that should
be okay I don't think it's wrong if you
bet on your team to win why wouldn't you
put your money where your mouth is
building a book obtained that says a
night a sexy bet against the team he bet
against them that's what I that's right
that's right
okay so that's the issue but I think you
should be able to bet for your team to
win can't you fight your team to win for
sure in a fight in Vegas can't you put a
bet on you to win could you bet on
yourself to what hey guys do that yes
well why not I don't know we should
totally be able to do that but there are
one-man team I think the real question
would be if he bet against his team it
says he did in that if that is the case
and he did something to win the bet and
tried to cost his shirt like made
decisions that weren't the best
decisions put the wrong people in this
right Scherzer well then the other side
of it is even on a one-man team let's
say I me and you were fighting I but I
bet me to win but you know that you're
gonna throw the fight and I'm gonna get
you some of the winnings do you know
what I mean that's the other side of it
oh okay because there's other people
involved yeah you could definitely do
that we can make agreements if I said
hey man you got to throw this fight
you're basically paying you to throw the
fight knowing that I'm betting on myself
do you but but yeah yeah yeah and I
would bet against myself fuck yeah right
yeah that's definitely done yeah that's
where it gets Shady
well referees in boxing for sure I've
been shady and so have judges judges
have been caught for sure
rendering decisions that didn't make any
sense and then you know taking money
yeah they must have I'm
I don't know how many times they've been
like let's find out how many boxes jeez
boxing judge arrested for corruption
just Google that Pete roasting is very
confusing oh yeah and more about I guess
if he bet on him bet while he was a
player versus being a manager and it
says documents obtained by outside lines
reflect betting records from 1886 which
is when he was a player 1886 Christ it's
shown no evidence that rose who was a
player then bet against his team sorry I
misread that well yeah but that was a
stipulation of there's no evidence that
he bet against himself or his team red
ok then I'm fine with it again yeah yeah
like if I was a fucking player and the
coach said I just put 5 grand you
motherfuckers let's do this shit I'd be
like that coach believes in us talkin a
it's putting his money on it you know
that stipulations were that or the
argument was whether or not he deserves
to be in the Hall of Fame of course he
does you know that was all that 100%
it's a savage sport where guys are
hitting a leather covered ball string
you know yeah what do you mean you're
smashing this thing and you're running
around you you're it's a since it's a
sport sports are all dominated by
savages what is this may be the worst
referee I guess it's videos about asked
about the boxing thing oh there was a
really bad stoppage this past weekend in
the UFC really bad really bad that gets
so much controversy huh but this one was
a bad one it was the worst stoppage I've
ever seen there was this guy will pull
up the you could find it in the UFC's
I've got to remember how to say this
guy's name what did he claim he stopped
the fight well the referee I don't want
to call the referee out there's no need
to everybody knows what it is he's a
nice guy he fucked up referees fuck up
sometimes he thought the guy was hurt
and he wasn't hurt he was faking it okay
so the Mago Med uncle I've think that's
how you say it and I forget I say coup
de bellas first name I think it's Eon
I think it's Eon clues about yarn so
coup de Bell was playing possum if you
watch the video you can see the video it
looks like he's playing possum
see he's pretending he's hurt see he got
hit for sure but look how he's wobbling
his head back and forth he's trying to
sucker him in for that right hand right
trying to pretend that he's hurt and
then throw that right hand the referee
stops the fight while he's throwing
punches as soon as the referee stops the
fight he's like I'm fine what the fuck
are you doing that's not a guy who's
rocked if you watch it again you can see
that he definitely is getting hit but
you can also see that like when he like
that that's fake that that's wobbly with
the head well cause he throws haymaker
he's trying to lure the guy into
thinking that he's so hurt that he can't
control himself and he's trying to throw
haymakers but he's also definitely
getting hit too so I could see how the
referee fell for it but you gotta let
guys fight you gotta let guys fight and
sometimes referees in the interest of
the fighter trying to save a guy from
damage they step in and they make a
mistake that's an easy mistake to make
because it is a really bad stoppage
but because the fact that he was faking
like he was hurt but he wasn't faking
like he was hurt enough to stop a fight
now I didn't like it when the guys
swinging back with big wild haymakers he
can win at any time I mean we've seen
fucking bridle I mean there's been many
many fights where you see a guy when a
fight that he's getting dominated
because he catches the guy who gets
overzealous and tries to finish him off
that's what we got robbed of the referee
fucked up or the you know the the
referee I mean he fucked up but he also
was a little bit tricked by this guy's
trying to lure this guy in by pretending
and then exploding right he didn't look
like even if the guy was really that
rocked it wasn't enough to stop the
fight that guy was throwing back he was
defending himself he was moving back
with his hands out but he's trying to
fight you know the fight just doesn't
end when someone gets hit right like no
the fight ends when you can't protect
yourself anymore
when it's defenseless yeah it was very
dangerous still that was a bummer to
watch that's that's real well you feel
bad for the guy who fucked up a little
bit not a you know the referees not a
bad guy he just fucked up and then the
fighter
you gotta think that guy trained for
months for that moment and he's trying
to sucker this guy in I mean maybe he's
got this thing that he does is he
Russian
like he's hurt I don't know where coup
de bellas from is that rest gonna die
member if he's Russian I rep said it's I
don't think it's a corruption thing I
think that's just a mistake yeah it's
fucking hard it's a fucking hard job man
that's me in there these dudes are
throwing their fucking knees in each
other's faces and I and it's just you
yeah the only that's the other thing
other sports have many refs you're the
only one dude fuck that yeah yeah the
pressure is insane so many other sports
can rely on other referees to go oh shit
I think we fucked up where I fucked up
this one is like it's this dude that was
a bad call yeah that was a bad call but
it happens
it's our gigs and it's a tough gig too
dope bro we didn't talk about your show
you have a new show I got a new show
doesn't it come out today or something
comes out today comes out today March
4th it's already March 4th comes out
today how is it March 4th I feel like
I've been abducted by aliens and times
been stolen from me it comes out today
on FXX and on whoo little Dicky wait
wait hold on play much when you play a
clip when you play a clip about what I
said about the show I can't believe they
left it in is that little Dickies
parents that's his parents that plays
parents on the show look at the very end
there's a clip I say now keep going me
that's me talking head listen to what I
say about the show you're gonna love it
turn this out I just think it's funny
the FX guy was like how do you think you
know they're fucking rousing me into
saying something I go I think it's one
of the worst shows of all time and
everyone should be embarrassed to be a
part of it and he's looking at me like
what are you I'm like dude I'm a
comedian oke what the fuck this is a
comedy like and they got took it so
serious no stop it
see ya know you know these are the guys
that are doing the promo the advertising
company you know they come in and be
like hey tell us about the show it's
like what do you want me to fuckin say
I'm never gonna nothing to do no agent
mr. Stan
agents of shield to people that's like
when you go to premier when you do a
premiere they ask these questions and I
don't go to the premiere i hat you have
to you don't have to you do it's in your
contract you got to go get a better
agent that doesn't put that shit in your
contract Joe see what he does you stop
fucking laughing this is him just
baiting me to get angry about it you
have to go I don't have a choice
look but the show is good people watch
the show it's gonna be good yeah it's
gonna be fucking funny and if it's not
at all Joe Rogan strong aggressive
because you know how to get my goat like
you don't fucking know watch the show
watch the show on in town Thursday night
no I go to I'm in Philly this weekend
Thursday Thursday I'm in Philly all
weekend where are you punch line in
Philly nice come see me and Phil nice
telling them good joke da Moreira called
me last night who are you working with
her on a credible young comic named
Chris O'Connor who's great dude I say
young comic he's might wear the cell you
know young guy I mean he's uh he's for a
Philly guy now lives in New York he's
beautiful
fucking phenomenal so he'll be out there
with me having some fun and then a local
young probably funny host hopefully
beautiful is still available a few are
still left if you were still left for
Philly and then I've got a bunch of
dates Cincinnati I'm going to fucking
but fuck Ohio's you know he knows he
knows it's all love he's not going there
I always - yeah Cincinnati and Cleveland
at the end of the month but you know all
that stuff is on Andrew Santino calm and
then you and I have some fun together in
420 baby can't wait until some tickets
but not much a lot a lot of nosebleeds
left but it's we're doing an arena on
420 in Vancouver and how many how many
seats do you know do you remember it's a
man I'm a happy 13,000 or something like
that no I love doing it I love doing my
own shows and I love coming and doing
your big fucking massive insane shows
those are ridiculous I'm still not used
to them arenas how could you ever get
used it's such a weird but you don't
love it as much as when we do theaters I
love all of it you see but don't you
have don't you like theaters more Kinect
can
but there's something wild about doing
14,000 people like that's handy almost
420 last year that was fucking wild
that shit was one also we gotta live we
got high before and I thought I well I
got nervous I got to push ups or shit so
I got to baked 14,000 people in an arena
on 4/20 it was awesome
it's gonna happen again in Vancouver
this year yeah I'm excited
all right cheeto Santino oh oh my
website's address aunt Tina was cheater
Santino cross socially Shido Santino
calm I can't fuck with Cheetos cuz leis
will sue me
but just get cheeto Santino's calm so
someone I fuck it up I'm gonna do it
before they shut me down okay
we should probably edit that part out so
people don't hear
[Music]